{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Curtains part to reveal a kind of forest landscape built of two-by-fours \'97 two-by-four trees, two-by-four forest floor. The forest seems to extend upstage into darkness. Downstage right is a tree, five or six feet wide at the base and tapering slowly upward out of sight. About ten feet off the ground, an old man\'92s face looks out a face-sized circular hole. This is the Wizard. The position of the hole in relation to two of the \'93branches\'94 extending from the tree suggest that the branches are the man\'92s giant arms. Each branch is only another long, tapering form like the trunk, but with no further branches. In other words, the branches look like long wooden cones \'97 or needles \'97 coming out from the main trunk. \
\
At the far end of the branch on the man\'92s left is a rope tied from the branch down to one end of a small wooden bridge that spans a channel of water. The bridge begins in the down position, meaning a person can cross it from one side to the other. The channel separates two sides of the small forest landscape. On the man\'92s side of the landscape the tree shapes are brushed heavily with tar. On the other side of the landscape, across the channel, the tree shapes are only raw lumber, or possibly painted with an elaborate pattern.\
\
The audience also has a view of the space under the stage floor \'97 about two feet of clearance. The channel of water terminates center stage as a thick piece of plexiglass holding back the water. The space under the man in the tree is lined with books and lit with a short lamp that casts a soft yellow light. It\'92s empty of people. On the other side of the channel, the space under the stage is brightly lit, lined with leaves, and full of sleeping children. \
\
While the other children sleep, one of them appears from the stage left wings, on the opposite side of the channel from the Wizard. This is Carmen. She\'92s dressed in cast-off, ill-fitting but contemporary clothes, has a t-shirt tied around her mouth like a bandit, and wears large metal rake fans as claws strapped to the back of her hands and arms. \
\
She approaches slowly, but the Wizard sees or senses her and raises the channel bridge by lifting his left \'93arm\'94. Carmen ignores it and goes to the edge of the channel, kneels down, takes off her claws, and splashes water on her face. She dries her face and hands with her kerchief, reattaches her claws, and looks up at the Wizard. She smiles. He frowns and tugs the bridge up higher. She walks away into the darkness. \
\
A few moments later, a commotion in the leaf-lined space under the stage.\
\
\
++++\
\
Another stage idea: \
\
A space like a beaver home, a dome built of sticks and mud, but with the side cut away so that you can see inside. As with a beaver home, a passage leads from the domed space, down under the main floor and up either through water or some other barrier. The space is tidy but small \'97 too small for a kitchen, bathroom, or other spaces, but there is a low kitchen table and vey small chairs, with a old-fashioned light fixture above the table, casting a warm light. }