{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 beginning-dialogue-4-v01\
\
Wizard and Jill:\
\
W: I totally disagree. The stuff you made had so much heart. It was beautiful. You made people cry.\
\
J: A couple times. A couple of things, true. Maybe I should have leaned into that more than I did. I anted to seem clever and tough.\
\
W: You did?\
\
J: Maybe not tough, but clever for sure. I wanted people to think I was brilliant. That\'92s different than wanting to move people, but it\'92s not cut and dry either. To me, brilliant meant being able to surprise people at some deep level and that kind of surprise is supposed to be emotional. \
\
W: Did you feel like you\'92re done with writing? Is that just a given because you\'92re dead?\
\
J: I think it\'92s a given because I don\'92t have pen and paper. Plus it\'92s dark. Plus the question is what would I do with anything I wrote. I don\'92t think I could get it from here to anybody to produce or publish it.\
\
W: Well that\'92s the technical side. I just mean would you write if you could? Do you feel like writing.\
\
J: Definitely. For one thing, I have a lot of time.\
\
W: Does being dead give you any new perspective? \
\
J: Do you mean do I see the world in some new way? I wish. There\'92s not some revelation. I kind of guessed it would be like this more or less, assuming it was going to be like anything. Did you ever lay down on Aunt Mary\'92s grave after she died?\
\
W: No, I was living in the ocean all through those years. \
\
J: For a while, I went every day. I took a piece of PCC pipe - the white plastic pipe \'97 and just drove it down into the ground with a sledgehammer and put my ear to my end of it. She was great. Always did most of the talking. She asked about mom and for bits of news, but that was maybe five minutes of the conversation. Then it was back to her. (A good place to relay a story of what Aunt Mary had to say.)\
\
W: Why\'92d you stop going? \
\
J: I died. I\'92m dead.\
\
W: Yep. Sorry\'85 What would you be writing about if you could?\
\
J: Good question. Did you ever go to the far corners of big parking lots, like behind the building itself where they do loading or trash? It\'92s really a world back there. Somebody brings something to sit on while they\'92re smoking but there\'92s usually no love. People spend a lot of time in places that they decide not to love because the place isn\'92t how they want to think of themselves. I\'92d probably write about that.\
\
++ \
Notes..\
\
I like the idea that they would stage a play by the dead sister \'97 either a current one or a past one. Either way, we see her doing a lot of writing down there throughout the play. \'85 Maybe a past play would be better? The issue becomes: What 
\i is
\i0  actually lost or unavailable to the dead? Is there anything she can\'92t do? Can she come out? Can she come out only as a ghost? Can she speak to anyone but her brother? What if somebody tries to speak to her using the brother\'92s CB? Can she hear it? Understand it? Respond? Respond but only in gibberish? If the relationship to the brother is unique, then his death or departure would be devastating for her. Something she couldn\'92t recover from. \
\
Image of her finding paper or pen \'97 or impressing it on dollar bills \'97 and writing and writing until she has something \'97 then, with a lot of effort, pushing the new pages up into the living world, just shoving them up through the dirt after a lot of effort, but just as she does, the wizard is being led away in chains and he doesn\'92t notice and her dirty hand clutching the dirty pages is just extended there, up into the space and no one to notice. (Or someone else notices, someone she doesn\'92t expect. Emma maybe. Someone coming back from a mission. Someone we do trust to take the work and make something of it.) \
\
Based on who she is and her other work that they stage, we\'92d have to have the sense that this would be beautiful work, whatever it is.\
}