{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Some notes: \
\
How do you create a space where characters can make hard choices and the choices matter?\
- You create a \'91destroyable\'92 space.\
- You create a web of dependencies.\
- You create resources that can be consumed, shared, destroyed, cultivated, coveted: food, shelter, clothing, power, currency, quiet, speech, capabilities (invisibility, strength), safety / danger, affection, respect, love, self-respect.\
- You give people habits of mind and habits of behavior that they can (choose to) sustain or discard.\
\
Person A needs resource B which comes from person C. Without B, then A is forced to do action D.\
\
Do 20 of these:\
\
- Wizard needs emotional comfort, which comes from Jill. Without emotional comfort, Wizard is forced to find emotional comfort from the Eel.\
\
- The Eel needs to get to open water within 24 hours. Without open water, the eel will jump the basin in desperation. \
\
- The Voice needs someone to believe in the power of poetry. Without someone to believe in the power of poetry, the Voice will seal the dead in their chambers.\
\
- Emma needs \'85\
\
Also, create situations that characters 
\b want
\b0  to change. For example, what if Jill starts off sealed away against her will by the Voice and she wants to get out?\
\
Start with situations where there\'92s strong desire for change. This is in contrast with the idea that you start in normalcy and disrupt it. You don\'92t need to start with normalcy for all characters if the situation the character faces at the beginning is obviously bad and the better version of events is obvious: hunger vs. food, slavery vs freedom\'85\
\
The wizard wants his replacement to come \'97 the person is overdue. We can learn later on that the person is already there and didn\'92t feel like announcing himself or herself in order to take over.\
\
Jill wants peace and quiet or solitude. Wants to be left alone, like Grendel perhaps.\
\
Emma wants to be loved (by the eel?).\
\
The eel wants to be free, wants to fly, wants to change his painfully repetitive patterns of thinking. \
\
The children in the leaves need water to live \'97 water that\'92s been filtered by eel gravel. Or else they fulfill this need themselves by keeping eels and gravel in basins. \
\
}