{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 beginning-monologue-5-v01\
\
Wizard: \
People I love are sick and dying. Do you really think I have time for this fuss with your feelings?, with the crackly vibrations you\'92re sending into the air and lower atmosphere? We have to have confidence in our exasperation in the world. The great swings of history and consequence should over-shadow our small cravings, resentments, and obsessions. We have to find ways to move through these curtains of hurt. I don\'92t call myself a Buddhist, but when I think of suffering, I see that the Buddha was right. It is within us. And it is within us to navigate the world that is rather than the world as we would wish it to be or not be. I won\'92t say that\'92s the premise of what you\'92re about too see, because what you\'92re about to see is like a ship on a stormy ocean. It gets shoved around by the world, shoved in all directions, turned, twisted, almost snapped in half by the waves, but it does sometimes happen in the midst of this upheaval, crisis, and danger that one of us up here \'97 typically Emma \'97 will remember aloud that not so far down in the ocean, there are fish moving lazily in still water. Is the surface above them by 30 feet, 100 feet, a thousand feet? It hardly matters. Under the surface is peace \'97 yes, it\'92s a peace that\'92s grinding on by the laws of physics and biology, but whatever laws they are, they\'92re laws you can have faith that even a storm, a shipwreck, or the desperate drowning of a thousand souls won\'92t budge them. We might be unlucky now to live when history is folding over onto history like dough folded onto dough and needed down so that the surfaces are lost in the surfaces and only the flavors persist: misery, craving, bloated, and disbelief. Here despotism is folded over democracy like the Mongols were folded over Asia, like the Spaniards were folded over the Yucatan. What we remember of those catastrophes is what our space-faring, half-robot descendants will remember of us: very little. That\'92s not as it should be or shouldn\'92t be, but as it is. \
\
If you have an urge, as you\'92re watching, to dive off the boat that\'92s being broken by the storm into the waves and down to where slow fish eat slower fish, I hope you will. We are being folded over each other here by unending forces of lift and press. Probably you\'92re stuck on the battered boat for now \'97 but all end \'97 whether we struggle or stay still \'97 down in the dark slow undesparate ocean. \
\
People I love are sick and dying. }