{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Beginning-monologue-2\
\
Not sure who says this\'85\
\
I know you\'92ve heard some opening remarks already but wanted to chime in to assure you that you\'92re in good hands, despite appearances.\
\
We watched a lot of videos onYouTube narrative and I\'92ll just summarize for a moment: Aaron Sorken really thinks you have to have strong characters with strong desires. David Mamet agrees. So does Lawrence Kasdan, who wrote the Empire strikes back. (Toney Kushner? A woman?) \
\
It\'92s not lost on us that Aaron Sorkin, David Mamet, and ___ are themselves strong characters with strong desires, one of which is not to be bored by weak characters and their weak desires. You could be forgiven for wondering whether you yourself are a strong character and whether you have strong desires. Or the courage and confidence to pursue those desires in the face of mounting adversity. You could be forgiven for wondering whether, as you pursue those desires, you bravely pass points of no return, one after another, shedding the comforts of your former life \'97 the routines and equilibrium, the fair-weather friendships, the innocent self-deceptions, the assumptions that the future is an extension of the past, that who you were is of a piece with who you might become. You could be forgiven for wondering whether you\'92d wish those upheavals onto the people you love, because in fact \'97 most endings to the contrary \'97 after all the struggle, the better, beaming version of your life is not assured. The older you are, the more you know that\'92s true. You\'92ve seen your brave friends washed out by their brave choices. You\'92ve seen their bitterness, their cynicism. What is this promise we ask our stories to make?  \'97 this self-loathing that we fling at ourselves with every story, deriding the prospect of proceeding by degrees through life, with care?\
\
Would we have roads, plumbing, grocery stores, international trade, arms treaties, marriages, places to get a beer if we each elected to live our dreams, come what may? Would we have medicine, morticians, or mail carriers? Do we hate our society so much that we would throw it in the disposal to encourage each other to live more free? We are sheep. Let\'92s take pride our fat and our wool. We go to the slaughter, yes. We\'92ll go to the slaughter regardless. Take your place on earth, alter and improve the weather by slow degrees, lift the world an inch and leave it. And let us be grateful to you when you go, to each other. \
\
Death doesn\'92t diminish us unless we think the dead have wasted their time alive. Id you think they have, chances are you think you\'92ve wasted your time time, too. Be done with that. You haven\'92t. You didn\'92t. You won\'92t.}