{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 beginning-wordless-5-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Slightly stage right is a wooden windmill, whose base looks like one of the 2x4 trees of the forest and whose wings are wide and covered with muslin, under which (through the filmy fabric) seems to be some kind of pattern or relief: possibly dead faces and body parts pressed up against the fabric. (Who are these spinning dead? Does the wizard live in the windmill rather than in the tree? If so, his face would be obscured a lot, yes?\
\
We watch as a repair is under way. One of the great sails from the windmill is off its mount and Jill is in her flimsy death-clothes working to repair it. She has the sail up on saw horses while a sturdy rope \'97 possibly the actual length of rope that normally secures the drawbridge \'97 is holding the other sails in place with a complicated knot so they don\'92t swing around wildly, in the periodic gusts of wind. (In the meantime, possibly the bridge is simply in the down position.)\
\
Jill is very skilled and works carefully with modern tools to do the work of separating a shattered piece (how did it shatter?) from the rest of the sail infrastructure, measuring it, cutting it with a jigsaw from a piece of wood that she pulls from the back of the wizard\'92s tree (he says, \'93ouch\'94) and then sanding it, shaping it, and screwing it in place. Imagine that the electricity comes from the eels in the channel or in a basic.\
\
Imagine that she puts on long welder\'92s gloves and goes to the channel with a net that she uses to scoop up the eels. They spark and flash in the net as she brings them to a container / basin on her side of the channel. (Maybe each side of the channel has a basin \'97 each very different.) She dumps the sizzling and sparking eels into her basin then plugs her tools directly into an outlet on the side of the basin. At the end of her work, she scoops the listless eels back into the channel. As she does so, they barely sizzle now, drained of their electricity. If you really need to sell this idea, she could be almost finished with some task but not have enough power in the jigsaw or sander, so get gets another small handful of eels so she can finish the job.\
\
Once finished, she can put the sail itself back on but as she does so, perhaps we see more detail of the sail structure itself. Dead faces and limbs? Plastic fan blades? Food? Dollar bills? I do like the idea of someone moving wheelbarrows of dollar bills around. Maybe that\'92s what goes back and forth across the bridge. Wheelbarrows is a nice option, or maybe carried in old aquaria. Maybe the \'93leave space\'94 is really full of dollar bills? They\'92re what the girls crawl through.\
\
One possibility is that the windmill was so badly damaged or burned that the repair takes the whole play to complete. (A bit like coffin building in 
\i As I Lay Dying
\i0 ). Maybe it requires a specialist from elsewhere (or more than one? a person or team who the wizard calls in on his CB?) and this is the person who Emma falls for. What\'92s he or she like? We can learn later how and why the windmill got damaged.\
\
When she finished, she re-attaches the sail and puts away her tools. And goes back into her grave.\
\
While the repair is underway, the wizard is anxious or meditating or in an all-out frothy seizure-like fit until his rope is back in place. }