{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Night time. The Wizard is asleep. The children in the leaf compartment are asleep. Night sounds as if from the jungles of the Amazon. The bridge is in the up position.\
\
A shadowy figure enters stage right (from the wizard side) and crosses carefully and quietly in front of the wizard. He takes hold of the rope that connects the wizard limb to the bridge and with a knife, he saws through it, letting the bridge slowly and quietly come down across the channel. Once it\'92s down, he gives a signal and other shadowy figures make their way from the other side of the channel (the leaf side) across the bridge to the wizard side. \
\
(The bridge is down. The people are across. That\'92s one part of the mission. Now something else happens. Something that will make sense only later on.)\
\
Once they\'92re all the way across, the original shadowy figure waits and looks across the channel, hoping\'85 Emma appears. She\'92s wearing a red scarf or headdress of some kind and her leaf claws are very long, as if they\'92re ceremonial versions of her normal claws \'97 or dream versions. They\'92re too long to allow her to let her arms fall at her sides, so she has them raised up in a position that looks like praying. The shadowy figure approaches her, but surprisingly, she swipes at it with her claws, driving it back. It\'92s pleading with her silently, trying to approach, but she swipes at it again. It gives up and runs back across the bridge and away.\
\
\
+++\
\
Next day, the wizard\'92s rope has been knotted back together, and we see him putting a small flag into the trunk around where the top right of his head would be. It\'92s a square flag, maybe 18\'94 on each side with a red and white pattern that suggests: I need first aid. (At some point, a technician of some kind will have to arrive and actually fix/replace his severed rope. When he or she does so, the same person will take the flag from the side of the tree, roll it back up, and put it into whatever pocket holds it against the back side of the tree. \
\
Here\'92s where he can have is monologue about never asking for this life. Never expecting that he\'92d end up here. \
\
The repair is never complete or healed. He goes on suffering and maybe we even learn that there\'92s an infection. Or it gets replaced by a rope that he doesn\'92t like \'97 some red nylon rope.\
\
+++\
\
Thinking about the rake hands. It would be nice if the hands included a mechanism that let the wearer open and close the tines of the rake like a fan. For example, when the controller hand is relaxed, the tines of the rake hand are close together, almost parallel to each other, but when the controller hand grips on the mechanism, the tines of the rake hand are splayed. \
\
+++\
\

\b This notion of a dream world is interesting. A dream logic at night. Death is present and the dead are available. There\'92s a combination of technology from the sixties and seventies with a primitive, lumber-y look as well. \
\
What other technology? Floppy discs maybe. That would be nice. Floppy discs going into trees or into the ground and green glowing print on screens. \

\b0 \
++++\
 More silent action. \
Jill underground in her coffin space is always asleep unless the wizard tries to communicate by CB. When he does, the very bright lights come on from every angle in her space - shining through the chinz lace fabric from below, above, and the sides. She always comes groggily to life.\
\
Imagine a section when she\'92s dreaming or just thinking. Here there\'92s a red yarn tied around her head or her neck that goes to the edge of a much larger red square of yarn \'97 like the square in Box and String, possibly suspended in a similar way by loops of monofilament and then everything that happens within the square is her version of an experience or her memory. \
\
+++\
\
A person on the leaf side who has a desk where she works at a computer from the seventies, like Jason\'92s old beast that had the green glowing type. She\'92s there from the beginning and we don\'92t know what she\'92s doing. She types away through the whole show until something is revealed. Maybe she has a printer that is printing \'97 old dot-matrix with cog holes. Or she has stacks of old paper documents in binders and she\'92s going through them, researching something. Even during the blackouts, we can see her working away. Perhaps she\'92s way upstage in the forest and during the blackouts and night scenes we really see her, illuminated by the green glow. If she\'92s way upstage like that, maybe she\'92s on the wizard side \'97 the side focused on data and prevention and containment.\
}