{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 beginning-dialogue-2-v01\
\
Jill and a voice in the coffin space:\
\
V: Jill?\
\
J: Dude, you have to be kidding me.\
\
V: I\'92m sorry. I just feel like I owe it to you to try one more time.\
\
J: You don\'92t.\
\
V: I don\'92t understand the resistance here. Indifference I can understand. Indifference tells me poetry maybe just isn\'92t your thing. You can take it or leave it. Indifference tells me you\'92re maybe a take-it-or-leave-it kind of person just in general. Shrugs to poetry. Shrugs to sports. Mexican food, nature. But I don\'92t take you for a shrugged. You\'92re a passionate person. You passionately wish I\'92d stop talking to you about poetry, but that\'92s what keeps me coming back because I\'92m of a mind that poetry is for passionate people. Can I read you just a short one? You won\'92t believe how short it is.\
\
J: No.\
\
V: Because also what I see is a person with not a lot going on. You\'92re basically in solitary confinement down here.\
\
J: I\'92m dead.\
\
V: Dead is just your physical condition. I\'92m talking about your mental, psychological, spiritual condition. And you have to admit you\'92re very isolated down here. What are you getting up to in your mind?\
\
J: That\'92s really none of your business. \
\
V: Are you saying that so I think your\'92e getting put to something in your mind when in actuality your\'92e letting yourself just go soft and blank?\
\
J: You know what? Go ahead. One poem. Short. Then you\'92ll leave me alone?\
\
V: Absolutely. OK. This is a good one. Forget I said that. No expectations. You decide. This is about you. It\'92s not about me. OK. Richard Wilbur. Beautiful poet. This is \'93A Barred Owl\'94:\
\
The warping night air having brought the boom\
Of an owl\'92s voice into her darkened room,\
We tell the wakened child that all she heard\
Was an odd question from a forest bird,\
Asking of us, if rightly listened to,\
\'93Who cooks for you?\'94 and then \'93Who cooks for you?\'94\
\
Words, which can make our terrors bravely clear,\
Can also thus domesticate a fear,\
And send a small child back to sleep at night\
Not listening for the sound of stealthy flight\
Or dreaming of some small thing in a claw\
Borne up to some dark branch and eaten raw.\
\
\
J: Meh.\
\
V: \'93Meh\'94? Really? \'93Meh\'94?\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Pause.
\i0 \
\
V: One more.\
\
J: No.\
\
V: This is called \'93To a Dead Lover\'94 by Louise Bogan. You\'92ll like it. It\'92s about a person who\'92s dead. A lover. And the poet is writing to the dead person. It\'92s your situation but if you were lovable:\
\
The dark is thrown\
Back from the brightness, like hair\
Cast over a shoulder.\
I am alone,\
\
Four years older;\
Like the chairs and the walls\
Which I once watched brighten\
With you beside me. I was to waken\
Never like this, whatever came or was taken.\
\
The stalk grows, the year beats on the wind.\
Apples come, and the month for their fall.\
The bark spreads, the roots tighten.\
Though today be the last\
Or tomorrow all,\
You will not mind.\
\
That I may not remember\
Does not matter.\
I shall not be with you again.\
What we knew, even now\
Must scatter\
And be ruined, and blow\
Like dust in the rain.\
\
You have been dead a long season\
And have less than desire\
Who were lover with lover;\
And I have life\'97that old reason\
To wait for what comes,\
To leave what is over.\
\

\i Pause.
\i0 \
\
J: I should let you get on with your day.\
\
V: I\'92m not in a hurry. \
\
J: Am I the only person you harass like this?\
\
V: Yes.\
\
J: What do you do in the meantime?\
\
V: What meantime?}