{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 beginning-monologue-3-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 WR: I don\'92t show up in this story for a while, but by the time I do, things are happening fast enough that it\'92s a drag to explain why I do what I do. I\'92m not a bad or evil person, more of a sell-out. That\'92s a little harsh and one-dimensional but it\'92s a place to start.\
\
I could maybe have gotten a degree in organic mammal wrangling and apprenticed myself to a mountain dairy. I\'92m not making fun. I could have and maybe I should have, but I took a path of less resistance. I got distracted by thinking about rent and food but if I\'92d prioritized differently, the other stuff would probably have worked out one way or another, meaning the rent and food. I could have slept on couches and stopped spending any money ever on alcohol or cigarettes, established some kind of daily meditation or poem-a-day practice; I could have grown my own something in the yard and expanded from there.\
\
Anyway, different life \'97 happier probably, calmer, clearer, less distracted, less anxious. It\'92s too late for a lot of things but not necessarily for those things. I do want to take the layers off of who I am. I don\'92t always know how to do that. I spend a lot of time alone so it\'92s hard to practice responding to the world in new ways. Also, the friends I do have are too much like me: we\'92re all wishing for something different and not clear on how to proceed. Not that I want to just start hanging out with go-getters. That sounds like a nightmare. Maybe I just want to have a plan and have a year of what to do spelled out and do it.\
\
But then you meet the person you\'92re supposed to meet and good luck with whatever plan you had. That\'92s actually the real twist all through the years: you\'92re kind of an asshole if you don\'92t respond to what\'92s in front of you: a possible friend, a new responsibility, a tragedy, a change of resources, an idea that seizes you for how something should be: a wall to paint, a lamp to turn on, an idea to run a line of salt through the center of a locker room and out to the parking lot where it ends at a manifesto or at a tall jar of egg yolks. \
\
Should you have done otherwise? (Should you have) stayed with your plan to pick the paint off the world one flake at a time to reveal an ancient painting(image/fresco) put there a thousand years ago by someone else?\
\
(What\'92s missing now? How does this monologue get deeper, more surprising? It has to start by getting clearer in what it wants to say, which I think is one version of: I lived the best I could and followed my instincts and it didn\'92t add up to something special. Not even sure you\'92d say it added up at all. Not even sure there\'92s emoting that\'92s actually accumulated.)\
\
(What name can you give to it? Maybe you could call it \'93readiness\'94. How do you cultivate readiness? How do you measure it? e could speculate about that. For example, he could say that he\'92s cultivating readiness - and say how \'97 but end by saying that he has no real way to test whether that work has paid off. And he\'92s really not sure what exactly he\'92s trying to be ready for \'97 or just ready in general.)\
\
}