{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 beginning-monologue-4-v01\
\
I woke up last night, went to the bathroom, and when I got back to bed, I was thinking again about Mary. Was I even thinking? Maybe that\'92s not the word because the big thing was the feeling of anxiety and then lots of thoughts cascading around the anxiety. Lots of thought in the will of anxiety aren\'92t the same as thinking. If I didn\'92t have to see Mary again, I wouldn\'92t. If I never had to talk to her again, I\'92d be relieved. It\'92s that there\'92s so much shame there, decades of wanting something from our friendship that wasn\'92t available. Wanting what? Wanting kindness and real consideration and love and wanting on top of that to seem to Mary like a normal, put-together person when I never could be that person for the very reason that all the wanting was putting me out of my head, prompting misses and jealousies and little rages so that I was always reaching toward her from the grip of some old or recent hurt, from the grip of some old and unnourished craving. \
\
I was the friend who was in love with my friend. I was a person who would detect and stew over disregard, who latched onto moments when her light did shine on me, when she kissed me or let me into her bed, before changing her mind, moments that kept me off balance for years. And then too, moments of astonishing cruelty or coldness, most memorable, most astonishing for their casualness.\
\
So what have we here? Even to say all this is enough to fire it all up again, the anger and shame. What is the wise way forward now? I\'92m old enough to be wise if I can possibly muster myself to it. What would I say to a friend in this situation? \
\
I\'92d say, remember you both were young an people don\'92t know what they\'92re doing at that age. We\'92re clumsy and selfish, an duo were you, as much or more so, to many others. Are your friendships from those days, your loves, still in tact and amicable. All right, that helps. That\'92s a beginning. Some compassion for yourself there could extend to Mary, and should extend. Next I might say, look at the part you played. You let yourself be the other side of that dynamic. You let it go on for years without a conversation, without altering it by will or edging away from it. It must have  been comfortable, must have offered you something or you would have walked away. \'93Decades,\'94 you said. Decades is a long time to live in a way you didn\'92t like. Didn\'92t you have your own power? Yes, all right. Own that. Own your years of wasted time, and own your urge to waste it exactly as you did, your cowardice, your self-pity, your unwillingness to walk away. All right. And now, now with the encounter looming? The truth is all the pain, still  there, the regret and shame. It\'92s too much to expect that  it won\'92t be there. It will be. You carry it. You should expect to always carry it around, and you should expect to feel it anytime you\'92re near Mary. All right. So accept that it will be there. Is there anything else that can be there too? Compassion for Mary. Shared memories of hard times. Openness, I suppose. What\'92s wise here is to know the hard feelings will be there, and to let them be there. It\'92s unskillful to think you\'92ll try to talk about them though, at someone else\'92s wedding. Ah, but it\'92s also unskillful \'97 or unwise \'97 to expect there won\'92t be any awkwardness, any discomfort. Nancy Kelly\'92s sage advice: Expect to be sometimes disappointed. Yes. And in part the answer is also to look outside yourself, to see whether Mary herself feels awkward and if so, to feel compassion for her. And if not, to take a breath and be easy \'97 as easy as you can be. Yes. Either way, after some number of hours, it will be over and then life will carry on. The only wise thing is to be present for what comes as it comes. You\'92ll have people to talk to there, old friends: Jeff, Kirk arrive, Karen, Lisa, Dan, David, Lee. \
\
A little more before ending..\
\
You will have your emotions there with you . What you want for yourself in general is to have some gravity in the world. So let yourself have it. Have it.\
\
Have written your story for Bob Kuhl.\
\
Have written your final of the 45 passages.\
\
Have meditated and breathed.\
\
Have run and swum and been calm.\
\
Think of Dominic, his settled way.\
\
Think of things to say and ask: How is Jo? How is Leo? What are they up to? How\'92s the job at the Museum of NY? What\'92s a day like? ..  Me? Deeply enjoying middle age. Writing, running, swimming, seeing friends. Getting colonoscopies. Waiting for the first lesion on the MRI. Putting the final touches on the retirement plan. Some home renovations. Paying off the last of Sam\'92s loans. Actual retirement this spring then more writing and travel and seeing what comes.}