{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Night time. Emma sits looking stage right in a high chair like a lifeguard\'92s chair. She has a long spyglass that she uses to scan the forms and above her on a pole coming up the back of the tall chair is a bright red light / blue light arranged back to back like a dual spotlight that sweeps around the space and over the audience like a lighthouse light. \
\
If we see her turn it on, then we also see the wizard put on an eye mask so he can sleep. The rumble of the forest should change when the light comes on. If we heard crickets or frogs before, now we hear them even more loudly or the rhythm gets faster. \
\
Emma spots something in the distance, double checks to make sure, then climbs down from the chair, goes into the mound and gets a pristine red cloth and three rake hands and straps like the ones she\'92s wearing herself. She comes back out and rolls the red cloth along the bank one the channel and arranges the 3 rake hands and straps on the cloth, carefully and precisely. All the while she\'92s looking occasionally through the spyglass to observe the progress of the people coming their way. \
\
She also finds and arranges some food and drinks: bananas, cans of diet dr. Pepper, etc. She\'92s ready and they\'92re getting closer. \
\
Maybe she\'92s tried to do all of this quietly to keep from alerting the wizard, but either way he wakes up, takes off his eye mask and sees what she\'92s up to. (Depending on whether the concept persists that the two sides of the channel are far apart..) she sees that he sees her and she freezes. He looks to his right in the direction of the new arrivals and then slowly reaches for his CB. If the wizard and Emma are far away from each other, maybe she just sees this action through the spyglass. The wizard calls in some kind of capture by forces that patrol this perimeter. As the capture happens, the forest sounds change, Emma observes everything though her spyglass, then lowers it in sadness and returns the food, drink, rakes, and cloth. Maybe she turns off the light. \
\
While all of the above is goin on, a character named Joe comes in and says: (and maybe while he\'92s talking, Emma dresses him in the rake hand and fees him a banana and pours him a diet dr. Pepper and he goes on in this self-referential mode throughout the play.)\
\'93Someone comes on stage from the leaf side, dressed in contemporary clothes, maybe t-shirt, and jeans, and delivers a monologue about expectations. Maybe at first, it seems like he\'92s talking about his own specific expectations, but you realize it\'92s more about expectations in general and what we\'92re reaching for when we expect something to happen. He\'92s not quite sure of himself and occasionally asks, \'93Am I being clear?\'94 He tells a story of being a passenger in the backseat of a car driven by a very old man who can\'92t see or hear well and who has told him that he can hardly feel his legs. He says he buckled his seat belt and just tried to pay attention to what was happening around him. He didn\'92t ask to get out of the car. He didn\'92t ask the old man to stop driving.\'94}