{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Lights dim for nighttime and we see the computer programmer in the background turn on her computer, and sit in front of it with the green light shining on her face. She\'92s up in a tree at a desk, typing energetically. As she does, jets of air shoot leaves and dust into the air on the forest floor below. She\'92s trying to get the code right so that the jet shoots into the air from within the channel. She\'92s trying options, then editing based on where the jet is shooting up. Maybe three tries before she gets it right \'97 one of which is far offstage. We hear it rather than seeing it \'97 the sound of a distant jet and some angry animal sound. \
\
Seems tempting for the one that happens in the channel to also be a slightly incorrect one \'97 and her real target is inside the wizard\'92s tree. So we might hear the jet and see his reaction, startled awake.\
\
Or the target is a seemingly random place in the forest but when she launches the jet, there\'92s a fountain of glitter rather than dirt or leaves. \
\
+++\
\
Burial of Jill. \
\
Lights up as the Wizard is on his CB talking to someone offstage and looking stage right as he directs them: \'93Follow the sound of the smashing bridge\'94 \'97 as he raises and lowers the bridge to make noise. At last a person dressed in a costume somewhat like the tree enters stage right. Instead of a tree made of complete 2x4 planks, he\'92s partially covered in 1x1 strips of wood, banded around his torso, arms, and thighs. He has a small version of the same CB radio on his chest and he\'92s responding to the tree\'92s commands. Maybe there whole conversation is in some kind of tree-gibberish. He\'92s dragging a heavy rope that\'92s tied to the ends of a Persian-style rug. On the rug is Jill, dead \'97 not dressed as a tree. \
\
The wizard and the new tree greet each other in tree gibberish, and also in gibberish, the wizard gives instructions about what to do with Jill\'92s body. The deliverer opens up the trap doors and puts Jill into the hole with the coffin interior. It\'92s awkward and takes time. Maybe some dust falls into the coffin space and he has to do some vacuuming with a hand-vac of some kind. Maybe he also removes panels at the front of the stage so that the audience can now see into Jill\'92s space. \
\
He carefully closes the trap door, rolls up his rug, throws it over his shoulder, says goodbye in tree gibberish, and leaves as he had come.  \
\
The wizard takes up his CB and tries talking on different channels until he gets to the one that lights up Jill\'92s space with that enormous brightness - which should also synch with his own voice being heard through speakers that are embedded in the coffin space. Maybe this first time, she doesn\'92t wake up. He simply delivers a monologue about her death and how he had to have her here with him. He tells her how she died and what death is like and what to expect from the transition, but warns her that this isn\'92t the best supply route for the kinds of things she used to like: pineapple, long cigarettes, etc.\
\
He (and the other trees?) weep hot tar as he talks \'97 just black paint flowing.  \
\
+++\
\
Give the wizard a hand-mirror so he can see what\'92s happening behind him or down below or above him. }