{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Emma talking to the Eel, who is in a metal washbasin. We can\'92t see the Eel, but can hear it.\
\
Emma: I had thought you were the last of your kind.\
\
Eel: I am. So are you. All of us are the last of our kind. And the first. \
\
Emma: Have some breakfast. What do eels eat? I should know this, sorry. I\'92d like to be a better host.\
\
Eel: Good hosts don\'92t draw attention to themselves by apologizing.\
\
Emma: You\'92re very exact sometimes. \
\
Eel: I eat ramen mostly. And Dr. Pepper. I\'92m probably ruining my intestines with Dr. Pepper \'97 the acid. And the sugar is through the roof, but I\'92m pretty active so I tell myself it balances out\'85 You\'92re giving me a look. Yes, I\'92m bringing attention to myself, but for a reason: I sense that you\'92re not up to maintaining your end of the conversation so I\'92m giving you a little something to do while you relax into the back and forth.\
\
Emma: Let me get you a Dr. Pepper.\
\
(She exits and returns with it, pours it into the basin, steps on the can. A pause.)\
\
Emma: You\'92re right that I\'92m anxious about holding up my end of the conversation. I\'92ve been feeling \'85 uncertain lately. \
\
Eel: Nothing wrong with uncertainty.\
\
Emma: Up to a point.\
\
Eel: When the eels first decided to unite against the cats, no eel among us was sure it would go well, or even sure that it was the right thing to do. Eels and cats don\'92t need to fight, some argued. The have no arguments against one another. They live in different biomes and rarely encounter each other \'97\
\
Emma: Literally 
\i never
\i0  encounter each other, do they?\
\
Eel: Yes, but that wasn\'92t the point.\
\
(A bell dings offstage and Emma exits. She returns immediately with a steaming bowl of ramen with chopsticks coming out of it. She tips the ramen into the washbasin. A pause.)\
\
Eel: I\'92m sorry. We don\'92t have to keep talking about cats.\
\
Emma: I like hearing you talk about cats.\
\
Eel: Anyway, I shouldn\'92t have implied I\'92m the last of my kind as an eel. There are other eels.\
\
Emma: How many? \
\
Eel: Hard to say. A few.\
\
Emma: The cat war\'85\
\
Eel: The cat war was not a good idea, no.\
\
Emma: My uncertainty is less about an action and more about a way of being.\
\
Eel: Being is made out of actions, even if they\'92re actions of the mind \'97 what you call thoughts.\
\
Emma: \'93What we call thoughts\'94? What do 
\i you
\i0  call them?\
\
Eel: We also call them thoughts.\
\
(Pause.)\
\
Emma: How is the ramen?\
\
Eel: It\'92s good. It\'92s good\'85. You\'92re not eating?\
\
(Something happens that moves attention away from this conversation.)\
\
}