{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Eel (speaking from the basin):\
\
So, welcome. This is the only time I\'92ll address all of you within the context of the performance except for a little bit at the end. We could just start. Just starting is completely fine and this king of opening can be pretty cloying, for sure, especially if it\'92s meant to head off some reaction you might have to the thing. It isn\'92t. And it isn\'92t to apologize. I had a cat apologize to me before it killed my brother. It was a sincere apology, or as sincere as you\'92re going to get out of a cat. It wasn\'92t maudlin. It wasn\'92t asking for forgiveness in advance. And it wasn\'92t cynical or insincere. And it wasn\'92t troubled by ethical ambivalences. By this cat\'92s lights, my brother needed to die. This cat could do the killing and he would. He did. It wasn\'92t something the cat relished or recoiled from \'97 except in knowing that to lose a brother under any circumstances is horrific and expressing that knowledge to me might offer some tiny comfort. It might. It might have, but it didn\'92t. I would much rather have done without it. One wants to be able to hate with a pure heart those who kill our friends and family. The hate is sustaining, at least for a while. Like a floating timber you can clutch until the sea washes you to some new shore of resignation. As John Prine says, \'93You can gaze out the window get mad and get madder, Throw your hands in the air, say "What does it matter?" But it don't do no good to get angry, So help me I know.\'94 So help me, for now, I 
\i don\'92t 
\i0 know. I still hate that cat and its apology. I know I won\'92t always. I know the world will punish me for my choice to live in bitterness\'85 This is where I could say: And this is the story of that punishment. Or: And this is the story of how that punishment never came. Or maybe I could say: But forget all that because this is the story of John Prine and the breezy darkness in his music. I\'92ll spare you. You\'92ll see soon enough what this is and isn\'92t the story of. I\'92m an eel, did I mention? An eel in an old, enamel wash basin. In a forest of two-by-four trees and moving water close by. I can\'92t see it or hear it, but some part of the vibration of the moving water goes up the pedestal and into the old, enamel wash basin, so feel it. Am I an electric eel? A good question. I\'92ve wondered the same thing. \
(I am good at parties, but 
\i electric
\i0 ? No.)\
  }