{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Beginning-dialogue-5\
\
Upstage, the windmill is burned badly. The wizard is looking at it behind him using a hand-held mirror, which \'97 having just one functional hand \'97 he has to alternate with the CB radio handset, putting one down to pick up the other, etc.\
\
Jill: Did you see anything unusual?\
\
(A pause as he puts the mirror away and takes up the CB. She waits.)\
\
W: Looks like it was hit with a flaming arrow. Or possibly one of the circuits shorted out. Or the battery died and burst into flame. Or maybe just the anachronism and pretentious obscurity of being a windmill caught up to it.\
\
Jane: Possible. You said flaming arrow. Is there an arrow sticking out of it or something?\
\
W: Not that I can see, but the person could have taken it back out after the fire.\
\
Jill: You think someone shot a flaming arrow, watched the windmill burn, then pulled the arrow back out.\
\
W: I\'92m not sure we can run out anything just yet.\
\
J: Why wouldn\'92t they just light the windmill on fire directly and leave?\
\
W: Might not have wanted to get too close.\
\
J: Wouldn\'92t they have to get close to pull the arrow out?\
\
W: That depends.\
\
J: on what? \
\
W: How long the arrow was.\
\
Jill has no reply. W looks again with his mirror but this time he gazes upward at the sky behind him. He puts the mirror away and takes up the CB again. \
\
W: Window in the sky is gone.\
\
J: Gone or closed?\
\
W: Gone, from what I can tell. There\'92s just sky now.\
\
J: What happens if you call out to it?\
\
W: Well, I think I\'92d feel silly. There\'92s nothing there.\
\
J: It\'92s OK to feel silly sometimes.\
\
W: I think the last time I felt silly was at your funeral.\
\
(J: You felt silly at my funeral?) or maybe: No answer. We can learn more later. They could get interrupted at this point.\
}