{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 end-monologue-2-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jill:\
The real trick to make an ending sing is to come back to the beginning \'97 the look of the beginning, the music of the beginning, the same lease or flake of ash or severed human head falling gently from the evening sky. Because then you can say in effect: 
\i Nothing has changed. All of this you\'92ve seen could come around again the same again. People don\'92t change. The world does not change. The color of blood in a dirty river has been the color of blood in dirty rivers since there was blood, dirt, rivers, and human eyes to see them.
\i0 \
\
If anything, the end of the story can suggest a feeling of human erosion, a slight deepening of despair, one more leaf or flake of ash or human head set down gently on the fast, lumpy pile. I know there are other ways for stories to end, but not honest ays, not in ways that do justice to the dead, who end up knowing at the thin roots of trees for now reason \'97 or maybe for reasons only the trees understand. Stories seem to want a congregation of complexities, arrayed and deployed in a kind of pattern that the mind \'97 the part of the mind that once was a tree \'97 can recognize. The pattern has to fade even as it forms, evaporating at the dew point. The trick is to leave you with nothing but a feeling, maybe two feelings. One: You\'92ve been well-taken-care-of. Attention was paid and you were guided well. Two: Your understand the world a little better now. Or at least you feel reminded for a while of an understanding that you had before. Or at least you have the feeling that feels like understanding even if you\'92ve obtained no new or adjusted knowledge. \
\
The ending. I can tell you maybe what happened next. The woman Katharine who could not listen was told her fate five times and never took an action to avert it. She lived stuffed with lives, holes drilled into her bones and leaves put in, long slits made into her organs and leaves put in, leave ground down and stirred with Dr. Pepper and pushed into her veins the way embalmers do, so that the blood is used out by the mixture \'97 blood that she didn\'92t hear flowing out of her, noisy as it was. We even made it louder for her by letting it fall on the skin of a bass drum from ten feet in the air and mic\'92d the bass drum and turned up speakers all the way and put them by a surgery inside her ears, great woofers two feet across pressed into her skull inside the ear canal itself and when the leaves and Dr. Pepper pressed the blood out and the blood came cascading down onto the skin of the bass drum and the microphones boomed the sound of it through the woofers in her ears, even then she couldn\'92t hear. Or perhaps she heard, maybe that was proof that she heard \'97 heard something \'97 but didn\'92t listen, couldn\'92t listen, would never listen \'97 heard maybe the sound of someone else\'92s pain, not recognizing the sound.\
\
(How can you turn a monologue in this vein into a kind of inadvertent confession? \'97 so that we come away thinking: You\'92re the one, Jill, who can\'92t recognize the sound of your own pain.)\
 }