{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 end-monologue-1-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ellen: I guess I should have a monologue now though I sure don\'92t feel like it. I knew I\'92d be tired and I knew I\'92d be sad, but I didn\'92t think I\'92d be confused about who the I is that feels the tiredness and the sadness. You can sit in a chair all day and wonder what your teacher means by a loss of self \'97 and not only all day but for years and years. And then all of a sudden you get put down hard into a hole you didn\'92t dig yourself, a hole nobody dug, a hole that\'92s there because it came first. The stuff that\'92s not a hole \'97 the dirt and grass around the edge, the trees, the water running around where the blood had been, the sneezing voices, the leaves \'97 all came later. The hole doesn\'92t respect or disrespect you. It puts its cold into you because you asked \'97 by standing it it, by waking it up to the fact that you were there, you asked. I\'92d like to make point of remembering Sandy who some of you met underground. Sandy showed me how to go through the leaves while holding something in one hand. I didn\'92t think that was possible. She was good at chess and patience. Once, when I was talking to her, she knew what I meant. I put tar in her mouth (when she died). She asked me to, a long time ago, because she hated the tar and wanted love it oar at least not care, not hate it. Sho she said put tar in my mouth when I die, a big cup. Heat it up and pour it in and watch me not gag on it. And she didn\'92t gag and I didn\'92t know til then that she meant it as a lesson to me. Maybe this new I that I am eats tar. Maybe it sees through leaves. Maybe it can read or get bigger when it\'92s mad. There will always be tar in the mind. Diaries don\'92t do any good. Songs don\'92t do any good. The only way is hand-to-hand. You have to stand in front of it as it comes at you in the mind and go into it hand-to-hand, especially if you keep thinking the answer is no or neither or not or anything else than the tar itself because it\'92s always just you and the tar and so what? If you have time to complain, you need a new wristwatch. Do you hear me, Wizard? Have I done enough of what you asked? You didn\'92t even know what you were asking and I didn\'92t complain. Now, let\'92s see if these eels will eat me.\
\
(She lowers herself into the channel.) }