{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12720\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 end-dialogue-1-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wizard: So this was all your doing?\
\
Eel: Not bad, eh?\
\
Wizard: Not bad for fear.\
\
Eel: Fear was all I had to work with.\
\
Wizard: ..I don\'92t really feel like saying true things you\'92re not in the mood to hear.\
\
Eel: How else do you have to interact with people? \
\
Wizard: I\'92m wondering.\
\
Eel: Maybe you\'92ll come out of that tree. It won\'92t know whether it\'92s alive or dead, which means you won\'92t if you don\'92t get out of it.\
\
Wizard: Did you think I was in this tree? I am this tree.\
\
Eel: I\'92m sorry. I didn\'92t know that. \
\
Wizard: You\'92ve either killed me or given me eternal life. Or both. Is that the idea? Both?\
\
Eel: I know it sounds abstract.\
\
Wizard: My mother was an oak. Not a magic, talking oak. Just an oak. Well, not just an oak, she was a Shumard oak. They\'92re native to the Atlantic coastal plain primarily from North Carolina to northern Florida and west to central Texas. Also found north in the Mississippi River Valley to central Oklahoma, eastern Kansas, Missouri, southern Illinois, Indiana, western and southern Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee. Also found locally north to southern Michigan, southern Pennsylvania, Maryland, western New York, and the extreme south of Ontario. \
\
Eel: And your father?\
\
Wizard: My father was unemployed, drank too much, smoked cigarettes, and wrote mean, demanding letters to people from his past. I was relieved when he died. I grew. I grew a new limb that spring. My favorite limb. There\'92s a nest in it. What will you do now?\
\
Eel: I\'92d like to become a human woman with long gray hair and green eyes.\
\
Wizard: You could be somebody\'92s mistress. \
\
Eel: Exactly. \
\
Wizard: .. I want to be thoughtful about this whole thing. I want to take some lesson or at least some perspective and apply it to my own behavior. That can seem hard when things are abstract, but I\'92m not sure things really are all that abstract at the moment. You\'92re here and I\'92m here and I have an urge to be open and you\'92re on the other side of your encounter with fear or at least you\'92re in some new relationship with it, so a lot is aligned. A lot is ready here for a next action. I\'92m immobile in a way, as a tree, but there\'92s a terrain \'97 you\'92ve given me a terrain to explore: death and life. Maybe I\'92ll see my father in some shadowy form. Maybe he\'92ll be washed of his meanness.\
\
Eel: He won\'92t be.\
\
Wizard: Even as I was saying that, it seemed unlikely. That\'92s all right. The point is there\'92s things to explore. It\'92s already taking effect, I think. My roots feel like they had coffee this morning and I was picturing my father washed of his meanness up in the nest. Doesn\'92t matter if it\'92s real. It\'92s just terrain. It\'92s different soils. Different speciation. Different precipitation. Different wind. Different length of days. Different poetry in the anthologies. Different subscription models for products and services available online or through a combination of online and brick and mortar. Listen to me. It\'92s strange, isn\'92t it? I feel like I might join instagram and then quit.\
\
Eel: I have a lot of tenderness toward you, Wizard. I had to destroy everything but I wanted you to suffer the least. \
\
Wizard: Thank you, eel. You helped us all turn a page. You helped us get off of our bicycles and out of our jeep Cherokees and off of our paddle boards and go on on foot, so to speak. On our own steam. You were a kind of Chekovian impetus. It doesn\'92t make you good by itself, but it had good consequences.\
\

\i Eel pulls a wooden hammer from the side of the Wizard.
\i0 \
\
Eel: Did you know this was here? \
\
Wizard: Someone just asked me a question. Was that you? Someone else was talking at the same time.\
\
Eel: Who else was talking?\
\
Wizard: Ellen. She just bit into something and liked it. \
\
\
\
\
}