{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In the darkness, the trees made of 2x4s and 1x2s and other scrap wood now begin to glow from within, a yellow light emerging through the gaps. Even the tree of the wizard, now on its side, begins to glow in the same way. The glow has a meaning, something that the characters have wondered about \'97 a prophecy that they would like to see fulfilled. \
There\'92s also a kind of mechanical chittering. It\'92s a sound we\'92ve heard the eel make, but now multiplied and much louder. The water in the channel glows as well \'97 or flickers with the same electric pulse that we\'92ve seen coming from the basin. The channel starts to brother up as if there\'92s a feeding frenzy, but slower. \
\
A dozen thick ropes, knotted along their lower lengths, lower slowly down from the canopy, near the far edge of the channel. After a moment, leaf children emerge, carefully grab the ropes, and use them to swing across the channel. More anymore children \'97 a kind of avalanche and stampede as they swing across in the dimness. \
\
The wizard reaches for his CB, but the handset has scuttled away across the floor and he has to tug it back on its very long cord. Maybe a portion of the cord is stuck under something or someone and he has to tug at it until it springs loose and comes hurtling at him. He flinches, recovers, and then taps and listens to the handset. He tunes the dials, all this while lying on his side within the tree. He taps the handset button and Jill\'92s compartment lights up \'97 or perhaps some other compartment lights up \'97 perhaps it now controls the glowing that comes from the trees.\
 \
Wizard: Jill? Jill?\
\
No answer.\
\
Jill now comes through the dim mist upstage as children continue to swing across the channel. She\'92s bedraggled, dirty, tired. She walks all the way to the wizard\'92s fallen tree, steps over it, and sits down on it, facing the audience. We can see now that she\'92s bloodied up a bit as well: lip cut, eye bruised. She has a Big Gulp soda fountain cup with a long straw and she sits wearily and dries from it, staring into space. Quiet and stillness come into the scene. Fade to black.}