{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25380\viewh13640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 (Emma is standing with two duffel bags full of cash, waiting to cross the channel. She\'92s taken off her leaf hand and is dressed and scrubbed, ready for a new phase of life. She\'92s waiting patiently for the wizard to lower the drawbridge, but he\'92s talking on his CB, pretending not to notice her. On the CB, he is saying (as if to Jill who isn\'92t present in her coffin space):\
\
W: Well, she\'92s there now. Looks like she wants to cross.\
\
(No answer. (Obviously.))\
\
W: I know. Doesn\'92t matter. I\'92m ignoring her. Yep. All the power. That\'92s the thing that doesn\'92t change, isn\'92t it.\
\
(No answer.)\
\
W: Power. Don\'92t have to fight for it. Don\'92t have to defend it. It\'92s always with me. And they know it. It\'92s the one constant in their narrow lives. \
\
(Emma puts down one of the duffel bags and unzips it. She pulls out packs of bills and sets them to the side. She rummages until she finds a portable CB rig of her own. She sits down on the other bag and starts to tune the CB. The piercing feedback and static startle the wizard and he drops his handset then recovers it.)\
\
E: Hi there. Hello?\
\
W: \'85 Yes?\
\
E: Is this the wizard who alone has the poser to raise and lower the bridge between our worlds?\
\
W: Who\'92s asking? \
\
E: Emma, friend of the eels.\
\
W: Emma. Friend of the eels. I wonder if the eels would still say so. Maybe you should say \'93former friend\'94 or \'93one-time friend\'94. Might be less awkward.\
\
E: You\'92re probably right, but I still love them. I\'92m still friend to them even if they\'92re not interested for now.\
\
W: That speech needs some work. A little humility might help, but then again I\'92m not an eel. Who really knows what they want or how they manage forgiveness.\
\
E: I guess I\'92ll find out. How do 
\i you
\i0  manage it?\
\
W: I forgive everyone for everything from the beginning. It makes the punishments I deliver dispassionate \'97 meaning the punishments can be only about moral instruction without the static of my own feelings or evaluation getting in the way.\
\
E: Does that mean I can cross?\
\
(Looks toward her with his spyglass \'97 though his head is fixed forward so he holds it sideways to his eye.)\
\
W: Where are you going with all that money?\
\
E: It\'92s my dowery.\
\
W: I didn\'92t know doweries were still a thing people did.\
\
E: I wasn\'92t sure either, but feel like it can\'92t hurt.\
\
(Pause.)\
\
W: OK. \
\
(The bridge slowly lowers.)\
\
E: Really?\
\
(She puts away her CB rig, packs up the cash and crosses. He hangs up his CB and soon they\'92re face to face.)\
\
W: It\'92s hard when there are things you can\'92t say to the people you love.\
\
E: There aren\'92t things you can\'92t say. There are just ways you can\'92t say them.\
\
(Pause.)\
\
W: Jill is alive.\
\
E: Don\'92t people usually stay dead?\
\
W: That was always my assumption. Maybe there was a rule change. I\'92m not sure I\'92m getting all the updates. Usually there are updates but I think something\'92s happening at the center. The air \'97 did you ever meet the air? (She nods.)  The air went to check it out and hasn\'92t been back. I made a list of what that could mean:\
1. It\'92s happier there.\
2. It got capture-slash-killed.\
3. It has amnesia.\
4. It never existed in the first place except in my wishful heart.\
5. It\'92ll be back soon.\
\
E: Those would be my five as well.\
\
W: Can I have some money?\
\
E: Certainly. How much do you want?\
\
W: All of it.\
\
E: How about half? .. What should I do with it? (Meaning: where should I put it?)\
\
W: There\'92s a trap door right there..\
\
(She opens Jill\'92s door and puts in one of the duffels.)\
\
E: What are you going to do with it?\
\
W: Retire.}