{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 end-wordless-2-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Everything burns. The tar crawls up the wood and into air out of sight, leaving beautiful bare wood, and then the color in the wood itself crawls away and the wood and the whole forest in every direction is pure, bright white. The fire is blue and moves as a pack of wolves would move, stalking through the forest as four-footed blue flame, licking with their tongues to light the trees, the leaves, the bridge, the rope, the sentient air. Everyone is asleep and so no one notices what\'92s underway until it\'92s too late. The girls in the leaf compartment and Jill in her coffin compartment are quietly immune. When the last of the forest is ash \'97 white, white ash \'97 there\'92s a terrific whoosh and the ash is pulled up into the air in a single gesture and disappears. Now the space is unoccupied blackness \'97 not the blackness of an empty theater but darkness, deep in every direction. Jill\'92s light comes on and she wakes and listens, waiting for her brother to speak. He doesn\'92t. She waits. At last, she lifts the top of her space, pokes her head out and looks around. She doesn\'92t seem surprised. She reaches back into her coffin and pulls out the reading lamp she\'92d used from time to time, she walks it to the center of the space, sets it down and turns it on. She goes back to the trapdoor and again, she reaches back into her coffin space. This time she pulls out a package that we\'92ve seen before \'97 maybe just a brown paper bag. She opens it to reveal a colorful hammock. (Everything about her has been monochrome.) She goes to each side of the stage to fasten the ends of the hammock so that it is now suspended directly in the center near the lamp. One more time, she goes back to the coffin space. She gets some knitting (this is a reveal of some kind. We\'92ve seen this knitted material before and in some pivotal role in the story.) and she gets a hammer and nails. She sets the knitting to one side, closes the trapdoor and carefully but loudly nails it shut. She takes her knitting to the hammock, stretches out comfortably and starts to knit. \
\
The hammering has woken up the girls in the leaf compartment and after a moment, they come out as well. They also seem calm and simply take off their rake hands, and set them aside. One of them comes in with a big glass bowl of water and another comes in with a chair and some towels. They take turns washing each other\'92s feet, faces, and hands. Then they pour the water into the channel, fold up the chair so that it can serve as a bridge and then cross the channel to Jill\'92s side. They go to the coffin compartment and try to open it, but find that it\'92s nailed shut. Several of them try to tug it open and they try getting their fingernails under the gap and pulling. It\'92s no use. Jill lets them work without interrupting. Finally, they turn upstage and Jill waves them over, they come and join her in the hammock, which is bigger and more accommodating than it looks. With all the weight, it might just lower all the way to the ground. That\'92s fine. They like it. They each start knitting as the lights fade to black.\
\
++++\
\
}