{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 end-wordless-1-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A climax;\
\
The sentient air arrives from stage right in the form of a floating lens. From the other side of the bank, Emma sees it and stomps on the forest floor with a particular rhythm that sounds like a signal. A flurry of leaf movement in the space below the stage, as if multiple fans were stirring the leaves in the space, blowing gusts of them out into the audience. \
\
Trying not to be noticed, the Wizard slowly reaches for his CB and puts the handset to his lips, pushing the button and therefore illuminating the library below. Jill is gone. The books are gone from the shelves. He\'92s saying \'93Psst\'94 into the handset, releasing the button to listen and saying \'93Psst\'94 again. No reply of course.\
\
The children arrive to stand with Emma \'97 in a line of resistance. And then surprisingly, Emma takes off her rake hands and the others follow her lead. They toss them across the channel where they land in front of the Wizard\'92s tree. \
\
The Wizard stops trying to reach Jill and puts the handset back in place. \
\
Emma knows this is the definitive moment, but the air\'92s motivations are still unclear to her. She makes eye contact with the Wizard, who hesitates a moment then lowers the bridge for her. She steps across and he raises it again. The air comes forward toward her and she pushes the hair away from her face, lifting her face to it with her forehead openly exposed. Across the channel, the other children do the same. It\'92s an invitation. It says: I have nothing to hide anymore. Come take a look if you want. The lights come up quickly to an enormous brightness, dazzling white and heat in the whole forest. There\'92s a sound that Joel Pickard makes for this moment. Something is coming through the forest from far upstage, a white string led by one of the characters in all black. She wraps it around a tree upstage, ties it off, cuts it, goes to another tree, wraps it, ties it off, cuts it. As she does so, the limbs of each tree, fall down, collapse from upright to drooping. It\'92s a surprising effect, one after the other. She comes to the wizard\'92s tree and he sees her winding the string. He tries to wave her off \'97 he\'92s terrified \'97 but it\'92s no use. She wraps his tree, ties it off, and cuts it. 
\b All
\b0  his limbs fall. (Or she nails something to each tree?) The bridge smashes down. The Wizard loses consciousness. The figure in black looks at him and assures herself that he\'92s out. Then she takes off her hood and other blacks to reveal herself as Jill. She throws the black clothes into the channel and the eels surge and devour them.\
\
With the children still mesmerized by the bright light, she takes two earrings from a pocket (or from her own ears) and puts them on Emma\'92s ears, maybe brushes her hair or combs it, maybe rubs some of her own heavy makeup onto her fingers and gives Emma\'92s eyes some drama. \
\
Now, she opens a trapdoor that we haven\'92t seen before, which leads down into the space under the stage. She sits on the edge of the opening into the coffin, with her feet dangling. She looks around at the world, taking it in, breathing deeply (but not melodramatically). She\'92s had the chance to be alive again for a specific purpose, to be up in the world again, but it\'92s over now. Time to be dead again. She\'92s about to go down and close the door, when she stands back up, adjusts the volume on the CB radio, which has been way too loud  (or too soft?) \'97 maybe she does this as she\'92s speaking into it -testing it: \'93Test, test, test, test, test\'94 and we can hear the volume change \'97 or some other aspect of the tone changes, possibly the 
\b reverb
\b0  goes down. Whatever it is, it\'92s funny and a relief to all of us. Of course the light comes on when she\'92s pressing the button. Do we see that something is different now?\
\
(Maybe it\'92s not a library but lined like a 
\b coffin
\b0  with those sorts of frills (including the underside of the trapdoor, which we can see now). And maybe she\'92s pale or heavily made up, dressed as a corpse would be.) It\'92s a coffin, but as spacious as possible. \
\
If it hasn\'92t been obvious that it\'92s a coffin, now it becomes more clear as she picks up an old rose and holds onto it as she climbs down into the coffin. She closes the trap door and there\'92s darkness. Maybe she turns on her own light \'97 not the light that shines when the CB button is pushed, but something of her own, softer and warmer.  \
}