{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Wizard:\
(Broken from his roots, lying on his side on the ground, still inside the tree)\
As a kid I used to spend a lot of time under my bed. Hours sometimes. I had a lamp under there and a blanket and books from the library \'97 mostly choose-your-own-adventure and Encyclopedia Brown. I didn\'92t think much about it at the time but I guess I lied stories where you had a role to play. There was something to figure out. I\'92ve looked at life that way ever since, with the sense that there was always a best option. It\'92s not a satisfying way to live, since you keep feeling like you\'92re not thinking of what that option is. You  keep feeling that there\'92s not time to gather up the information that it would take to choose the perfect next move. But even saying\'94choose\'94 there isn\'92t right. The best option, the best move, is almost certainly never among the set of obvious options: get a job, keep the job, buy a car, go on a date, don\'92t go on a date, go for a walk. \
The best option, given how many options there are, is statistically speaking almost guaranteed to be something else: Memorize \'93thank you\'94 in Swedish, study the legs of pterodactyls, cut off your right foot, guy some bitcoin, confess to a crime in a state you\'92ve never been to, lower yourself into the sewer, tell your mother you can communicate with bats, tattoo the skin of one ear bright cherry red, work on the de-extinction of the passenger pigeon, impersonate a coroner, learn to code, start a research institute, build a pinewood coffin for your healthy spouse, start a second research institute, stop blogging, stop drinking alcohol, stop drinking coffee, start walking west with nothing but water and sunscreen, pick a stranger to follow and follow him until he notices you, stop admiring other people, add a knob to the radio with an image of a chicken on it, wear a read stripe of lipstick around your neck, this a hundred Canadian dollars at a bar in Alabama, stop looking at the news, start and keep an eternal flame on the backseat of your car.  \
When those things happened in books I read underneath my bed, they seemed mysterious and it might take the whole book to understand how important that mysterious thing turned out to be, how everything else turned on that one choice. \
Same for real people, I think. Once you\'92ve cut off your right foot or built the coffin for your spouse, won\'92t your life re-organize itself? Maybe then the best choices will come into clearer relief, emerging into view from the mist, even as darkness goes on falling in the forest. One of them might even be the way out of here.}