{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12720\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Emma: You had a family with two ghosts \'97 one dead, one living.\
\
Wizard: Yes. The living one got haunted by the dead one and the rest of us to haunted by them both.\
\
Emma: Can I talk to her? \
\
Wizard: You can try. She\'92s been ignoring me since yesterday.\
\
(He hands her the CB microphone from the CB radio unit attached to the tree below his face-hole. (See drawing: 
\b end-dialogue-2-picture
\b0 .) (For himself, when he speaks into it, he puts it to his mouth, but when he listens, he puts it up against the side of the tree where \'97 presumably \'97 his ear would be.)\
\
(She presses the button and the light in the library below comes on. She taps the button and the light flickers. There\'92s a static-y CB sound as well. The upshot is that if there\'92s a person in the library, they\'92re never visible when speaking, because whoever is speaking to her \'97 Wizard or Emma \'97 has to release the talk button to listen, at which point the light goes out.)\
\
Emma: Hello? Hi, this is Emma. I asked your brother if I could talk to you. I wonder if it\'92s odd hearing a different voice.\
\
(She releases the button. Jill has been listening, but there\'92s no reply. Emma waits, then presses the button, and spaces again.)\
\
Emma: Your brother was just very brave. And selfless. He\'92s not known for that sort of behavior around here, I\'92m sorry to say. I\'92m not sure what he tells you or how he describes himself. I mean you know him well already, I know, but people can change sometimes when a person dies, not always for the better, at least at first. \
\
(She release the button and the library goes dark. She holds the mic against her belly to muffle it and addresses the Wizard.)\
\
Emma: Does she know you\'92re a tree?\
\
(Wizard shakes his head vehemently. He doesn\'92t want Emma to mention it. He even reaches toward the CB radio itself to turn it off, but Emma swipes his hand away with her own claw hand. Emma presses the button and continues.)\
\
Emma: He\'92s a tree now, your brother. I guess he doesn\'92t want you to know that, I think because he thinks he\'92s better than that and should be \'97 I don\'92t know \'97 raising and lowering a bigger. Ridge somewhere else, maybe in a city. (To him without releasing the button.) Am I close?\
\
Wizard: It has nothing to do with you or the eels or the forest. You guys are great. \
\
(Emma gives him a withering look and holds his gaze while speaking again.)\
\
Emma: Now we\'92re all great, apparently. .. Doesn\'92t matter. That\'92s the past. I just want to tell you about this one thing from today. It wasn\'92t life-or-death or anything. I don\'92t want to over-sell it. Basically, a friend of mine needed something, needed to get somewhere and your brother was in the way \'97 or he would have been, we all thought he was going to be in the way. He\'92s traditionally been a guy who gets in the way. Anyway, I have a theory about why today was different. Want to hear it?\
\
(She\'92s kept eye-contact with the Wizard, and her question seemed to be directed to him, but Jill replies.)\
\
Jill: Sure. \
\
(Emma and the Wizard are both surprised to have gotten a reply.)\
\
Emma: My theory is people can change\'85 Maybe. I\'92m not sure that\'92s my theory. Actually, let\'92s say my theory is we want things from the world and if the world changes a little, if the conditions change, maybe now something we\'92ve wanted turns into something we could potentially get. Like getting the feeling you don\'92t have someplace else you need to be. Or getting the feeling that a beer tastes pretty good instead of being an endless asshole snob no matter what. (Then to the Wizard.) How would you describe the feeling you got to have today?\
\
Wizard: It\'92s your theory. You tell me.\
\
Emma: I would describe it as freedom. Once, I went into a room and each person in the room had to introduce himself or herself, and a lot of people already knew each other so hooray for them but I didn\'92t know anybody and nobody knew me and there were probably 40 of us. A lot. And it was my turn and I stood up and tried to say who I am and it was terrible. What I said wasn\'92t smart, friendly, relevant. I didn\'92t get what I wanted, which was to look like I belonged there. I sat back down and we were there all day. It was a meeting. You\'92d call it a meeting. I just wanted to try again, introduce myself again and say something simple and true. I had stopped wanting everybody to think I belonged. I didn\'92t belong. That was fine. The problem had been taking too long to see that. So today your brother stopped pretending is my theory. He doesn\'92t belong here and he got to act like it. I don\'92t know what he\'92ll do now. Maybe die or transform and leave, but either way, it\'92s good.\
\
Jill: ____}