{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 end-monologue-5-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jill:\
\
I used to want to be with people who were treated well by their parents. They\'92re rarer than you think and, after some practice, fairly easy to spot. It\'92s not just confidence, physical poise, and focus \'97 though there\'92s all that \'97 but, added in, an unfortunate clarity about what will and won\'92t do, even \'97 or maybe particularly \'97 in their relationships with other people. This can be confusing, because they are often rather patient people, willing to give their friends and romantic partners generous amounts of time to change, but when the change doesn\'92t come \'97 does it ever? \'97 they will bid you a wistful goodbye, or worse, they will bid you an unspoken diminishment of their regard. Such beautiful people, most of them, almost angelic \'97 men, women, children \'97 accomplished, easy in conversation, frank, good-humored, curious, perceptive, generous, quirk-less, and occasionally modest. For years and years, you want to be like them so you try to be with them, to fool them and yourself into believing you could be one of them, but your cravings betray you. In this kingdom, your cravings are like bent coins \'97 cravings for solitude, for sex, for adoration, for a chance to try a thousand things again. You try to make the flat with a hammer but only make them thinner and wider with bad edges. \
\
Having had the parents you had, having been grooved by their ill-considered words and flat tones and silences, you won\'92t be loved to your core by anyone who hasn\'92t shared that experience, a fellow cripple. And you\'92ll love that person, too, and do what you can to lead him toward confidence and poise and focus and good humor \'97 and ground will be gained, but never all the ground, never a full-recovery, and that will be a relief, because you\'92ll never gain all the ground yourself and he won\'92t expect you to. You also come to understand that you\'92d lose something to have all that ground gained. It comes at the price of your strangeness and at the price of the early corruption that at least endows a flavor, like fermentation does.\
\
It\'92s high time you were grateful for what it all was and is, just as it was, just as it is. And I was getting there \'97 or at least I knew that I should try \'97 when all this happened. Happened and happened and happened\'85}