{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 End-monologue-4\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jill:\
There\'92s still hope that this can end with no one dead except the ones who were dead already when it started. That\'92s something: that live was preserved for a while, at least until the end of the chapter. Not that death is so bad. You wouldn\'92t say that it\'92s dissatisfying. You watch the world carry on without you, which it does perfectly well after some initial and isolated fuss. Nature and its baby brother human society know better than to strike their chances on any one life, even yours. \
\
It gives you some breathing space, death does. It takes the pressure off, pressure that was just coming from you anyway.\
\
Strange what you see when you\'92re not in the painting yourself, one of the brushstrokes. Plants talking to each other and to the insects. Physics making its complicated plans if the planet warms or cools. You start to think of rust as a kind of disembodied saint, granting permission to metal things, permission to rest. You start to want to be awake \'97 I guess \'93awake\'94 isn\'92t the word; \'93aware\'94 \'97 You want to be aware only at night, with your head half in half hour of the turf and feel how carefully the beetles\'92 curiosity moves over the inside of your ears and mouth. When you\'92re dead, you notice that your face while you were living was an old typewriter, facing out, tapping words onto the world as you shoved your way through it. Then you die and whatever fingers were working those keys come to rest, as if finally to go over the text and tally the errors (count the typos). No errors and only errors, at the same time. Your face has been busy either way.\
\
Maybe no one dies before the end of the chapter because no one goes near the danger. The danger itself isn\'92t what it used to be. Danger isn\'92t injury or death no, but undue confusion. You turn away from the culture because the culture is deranged \'97 and deranging. It\'92s bad for the mind. The culture is bad for the culture, like bloodletting. The language is bad for language. Glass breaks when the vibrations of sound align too closely with the store turn of the glass itself. When the culture aligns too closely with the tribal id, long exposure shatters the structure of the mind.\
\
Put your head half into the loam at night when the only sound is the cricket that has felt its way onto your lifeless white tongue.}