{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25380\viewh13660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Eel: Sure. Every story should have a climactic moment.\
\
Jill: You know I\'92m not here \'97 not in any way that could change things.\
\
Eel: That\'92s just what pivotal characters tend to say at moments like these, when it\'92s obvious to everyone, including the characters themselves, that the surprise, the redemption, the best idea must come from somewhere else.\
\
Jill: Did my brother ever tell you how I died?.. \'93Natural causes.\'94 I was 35 at the time. Does it seem strange to you that a person could die at 35 of natural causes? \
\
Eel: As a creature with natural predators, I\'92m not sure I understand the question. \
\
Jill: With humans, \'93natural causes\'94 is a euphemism for old age. \
\
Eel: This is what I\'92m talking about. Some kind of secret or inconsistency that could come to life at the last minute to change things. C\'92mon, Jill. You\'92ve got to think here. You\'92ve got to shake yourself out of this stupor, this listlessness. Someone told you once that being dead means giving up. That\'92s just a story. That\'92s just a story somebody told because they heard it from somebody else. Let\'92s examine these things for ourselves, can\'92t we? Can\'92t we take a minute to peel back a layer here? First, are you actually dead? Is your heart stopped? \
\
Jill: Yes. Everything is stopped. It\'92s all paused for now. You\'92re sensitive. You must feel that. When you talk to me \'97 when anybody talks to me \'97 the world pauses. Well, that\'92s how it seems to me, to us. But it doesn\'92t really, I guess. It just has to be either-or: Either time is moving or the dead can think and speak. If you want the dead to think and speak, you stop time.\
\
+++\
\
Jill: Let\'92s change directions. I\'92m interested in a meaningful life and I\'92m attracted to peacefulness. I want to sit in a room for hours and watch the light move on the curtains as the fan moves the curtains themselves. I think I welcome the softening of my own mind. I do know that I\'92ve seen a decline in my own urge to assess the world, a decline in my urge to hold the world to a standard and to say that it is or isn\'92t aligned to that standard. The world is operating on as many frequencies as there are urges and ways to express them, so many ways to go wrong, though hard to say that any of them is wrong exactly. Even suffering is becoming a kind of distant recollection. I can barely keep talking about it. I\'92m already losing my urge to articulate it. It\'92s strange though. I didn\'92t expect to be one of those people who\'92s satisfied, who thinks his or her life has gone well, and yes, millions upon millions suffer, suffer, suffer, and die. And eventually, I suffered, suffered, suffered, and died \'97 and yet here I am. \
\
Eel: Life as an eel \'97 my version of life as an eel, living in a wash basin and learning English and convinced that the eels can rise again, that they can put the cat wars behind them, that they can take their own best interests to heart, look a little further down the path of eeldom, see a life there. Life as an eel is both richly meaningful, incremental, and lightly confused. I feel these gentle tugs that seem to say: take a moment and look, take a moment and look, and I do sometimes and mostly don\'92t. What is there to see? Nothing new and then nothing new. So why this soft little request that I keep ignoring? To teach me over time not to ignore it, I think. To say what\'92s in the air, to see the subtext like it\'92s written in letters on the sky. Look. Look, it says: letters on the sky. Read them and I do and they just say \'91sky\'92 or letters on the air that just say \'91air\'92. Until we know what is being trained, we resist the training. Our teachers tell us and we still don\'92t know. Days or weeks of thinking that the training is for one thing.}