{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 end-wordless-3-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (Imagine that Jill doesn\'92t have a trap door but simply goes out the front when she needs to. And imagine that Emma and the girls have a space tall enough to stand and built like a beaver dam. (See picture in notebook. Give it a name: 
\b end-wordless-3-picture.JPG
\b0 ).)\
\
(Perhaps there are other tree guardians in the distance, each with his or her own big arm and bridge.)\
\
+++\
\
\
\
Jill senses something and comes out the front of the stage. She raises her head above the floor of the forest, and looks toward the stage right wings. Nothing happens for a while and then an entrance: \
\
The creatures who had been sneaked across in the night by the cutting of the rope are back. They carry one of their own on a simple stretcher, held between them like paul bearers. They\'92re dressed in full blacks as before but the one on the stretcher is in explosive reds, yellows, greens, and blues. We know by a white band around his neck that he is the one who tried to engage with Emma before. \
\
(Maybe if the wizard\'92s bridge rope is distinctive \'97 possibly red or striped black and white \'97 and if when the head creature cut it, he didn\'92t just cut it once but twice and took a section of it, then now we see the section of rope as an adornment on the body? By the time the creatures return with their dead leader, the wizard\'92s rope has been repaired \'97 spliced or knotted at two ends with a length of some different-looking rope \'97 or yarn or knitting from Jill: colorful yarn and not terribly strong \'97 or at least not terribly macho.)\
\
Jill calls out to the dead man as he passes by. (Does time stop?)\
\
Jill: Hey.\
\
Creature raises his head and looks at her.\
\
Jill You\'92re dead.\
\
Creature: I thought so. Where is everybody else?\
\
Jill: Here and there. Where will they take you?\
\
Creature: To Emma. She lives across the channel. We\'92re married. \
\
Jill: I know her a little. I never knew she was married.\
\
Creature: We had an arrangement that she she\'92d marry me if I died. She didn\'92t want to be a wife, but didn\'92t mind being a widow.\
\
Jill: You\'92ll just be across the channel from me. We could visit.\
\
Creature: I\'92d like that but my mind will be on the war.\
\
Jill: You\'92re coming from the war? Which war?\
\
Creature: The lemon drop war. The gum drop war. The sugar bump war. The war of eighteen love. The Panics. The template war. The fresh mess war. The comp-a-romps. \
\
Jill: You must have seen a lot of action.\
\
Creature: In a way. I was entertainment for the troops.\
\
Jill: Can you juggle?\
\
Creature: I can. Or I could. I could eat sharks. I could amputate and reattach the leg of any audience volunteer. I could have breakfast in plain view of the president. And frankly to say more would be to ruin the surprise.\
\
Jill: I\'92m surprised already. I\'92m surprised to be having this conversation. \
\
(How is the wizard reacting to all of this? Has time stopped while these two talk?)}