{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25380\viewh13640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 end-dialogue-5-v01\
\
(What are they doing during this conversation?)\
\
Windmill Repairman: Who\'92s left?\
\
Jill: The girls. Don\'92t ask me where.\
\
WR: They should do something with the money.\
\
J: Yeah, like burn it.\
\
WR: I never did have sex with Emma.\
\
J: That\'92s a pretty specific admission for a world of abstractions.\
\
WR: We wanted to. We were going to. I touched her boobs a few times. Twice, I guess.\
\
(J says nothing.)\
\
WR: I wanted to fix the windmill first. Sex was going to be celebration for fixing it.\
\
J: And motivation.\
\
WR: That too. \
\
J: That was going to be a big day.\
\
WR: That was the idea.\
\
J: Emma liked this plan?\
\
WR: She wanted to wait a while anyway.\
\
(Pause)\
\
J: Did she say why?\
\
WR: Emma wanted a life she wasn\'92t having. She could never quite picture it clearly; she just knew this wasn\'92t it. She kept trying not doing the things she wanted to do because she felt like doing what she wanted moment-to-moment was just going to keep her stuck in this life, drifting farther from some other life that she didn\'92t even know how to aim at.\
\
J: That\'92s why she didn\'92t want to have sex?\
\
WR: She did want to; she just thought it was going to be one more think keeping her from the important life she wanted more.\
\
J: Sexy.\
\
WR: (Well,) Kind of.\
\
(Jill says nothing.)\
\
WR: The best conversation we had, she realized \'97 how to say\'85 deeply realized that she was too old for (and maybe never was really inclined to) achieve the sort of career success her friends were having: as writers, as filmmakers, as designers, as teachers, as biologists, as musicians, as real estate developers, as improvisors, as yoga instructors, as journalists, as curators, as consultants, as falconers, as artisan butchers (citizen butchers?), as cobblers, as duchesses, as astronauts, as historians of rivers and lakes, as lighthouse keepers, as metallurgists, as aerospace engineers, as Danish apothecaries, or as game wardens. There was an hour or so there when she was just completely relieved. All she wanted \'97 all she\'92d ever wanted \'97 was to own her own days. Maybe something would come of it and maybe not ,but it was time at last to stop caring what the world \'97 all those friends \'97 would think of her here with the girls, trying to keep them on track toward selfhood, even if it meant giving up on the idea that they\'92d ever make it out of here into some so-called better life. That wasn\'92t going to happen. She knew that in theory and then she knew it for sure when I showed up within an hour of the damage to fix the windmill. She knew at that moment that she was fighting something unfightable, like a law of nature more than some haphazard set of protocols subject to disruption. Nothing that matters to the Center is haphazard or actually subject to disruption \'97 or if it is, then it\'92s also subject to implacable repair. She was doing a lot of waking up in the last few weeks. \
\
J: You really do a lot of the talking.\
\
WR: I\'92m grieving.\
\
J: We all are.}