{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Eel in voiceover as something happens: the green renewal of the whole forest.\
\
Eel: \
The opportunities I missed, over so many years, small and large, beautiful other eels with good hearts whom I might have loved well if I we rent\'92s so consistently then with the women whom I knew would take me without any effort of convincing. Was I so scared to be convincing, to take up my own cause? I was. Anyway, I was back then, unsure of my powers, unsure of how to organize them, unify their music.\
\
Now thinking: Is it really too late? For women, probably yes, but not for life. Haven\'92t I been able from the start to jump from this basin and into the channel? Into the air and to take myself away? In a life of small plans, isn\'92t that the plan I\'92ve always been making under my breath? The plan to disappear altogether for months, for a year, for two, and to come back changed, with some artifact to justify my time away: a novel, a play, something without precedent, a demonstration of deep work, a demonstration that demons trailed me place to place and that I christened them with one hand and autopsied them with the other. Hands? Hands now apparently. I\'92ve been among the humans too long. Where will I go? Not among the humans if I can help it and not back to the eels. It\'92s the whole truth that I want to build an empire and leave it behind. Is a tar so long? I should talk about this with my therapist. I wonder if I\'92m just out on a ledge here. Maybe it\'92s something I can give myself for my birthday.\
\
I\'92ve never been quite generous enough to myself on my birthday. Beers, mostly. Once or twice: solitude for the evening. A book and a bar. Is anything sweeter? Is there any more gentle gesture? Does the air have any objections when we thrive in quiet isolation? Does it bang the door, rattle the gate? That\'92s the friend you never had in high school, the one you could tell in advance would hang on when he wasn\'92t wanted and ask questions whose answers were the beginnings of dumb arguments. Oh for the pillowy quiet of those days. Perfect independence and observation. And words. Words were your happy friends who never asked but always offered. Quiet, wearing blazers with pockets on the inside full of the opposite of objections. The opposite of an objection. You could train yourself toward deserving that epitaph. In the meantime back in the forest, a metal basin by himself at the open edge of camaraderie. Friendship on offer but never more bleak: a fen with snakes and sinkholes.\
\
Silent, spellbound bears looking at a hole in the moon as you step among them on snowshoes, with your feet and legs and arms wrapped in unraveled rugs. Another epitaph: \'93Here lies an unraveled rug.\'94}