{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 middle-wordless-4-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Emma is carried in unconscious by three or four of the girls. The wizard raises Jill on the CB and whispers into it as he observes them bringing her in. Jill whispers back. We don\'92t know what\'92s being said. The girls carefully pull the leaves and paper off of Emma (who is plastered with leaves and paper). \
\
Or she has band-aids all over her. And they pull them off. Or she has tape on her and they rip it off. Or they wrap her in tape and take it off later. 
\b Or one of them wraps her in tape and another immediately pulls the tape off. Different colors of tape: red, blue, green, yellow. \
\
As they\'92re doing so, the woman in the tree begins to descend, attracted by the pretty colors, but one of them springs into action with a big lollipop on a very long white stick, which she uses to lure the woman in the tree back up to her perch as the girls complete their wrapping and unwrapping of the tape. \

\b0 \
Or they open up a trapdoor and pull things out that look like things Jill would own or pieces of fabric like her own coffin space, possibly things that they\'92ve stolen.\
\
Or some action, previously mentioned in passing is now being enacted. Let\'92\'92s say it involves pouring out salt in a circle or square to protect someone or to bind someone or something in place. \
\
Or: Let\'92s say we see the girls climb up into the tree to feed to woman who\'92s emptying the photo albums. They feed her by hand, putting the food right into her mouth: bits of bread or bird food or paper or dollar bills or the ground up pages of books. I like the idea of feeding. They girls can be in charge of finding things to feed to Emma and to the woman in the tree. Here again, the idea of the lollipop that they raise for her to lick.\
\
Maybe we\'92ve seen this feeding in a previous scene and where they use the lollypop to lure the woman down or away from some danger. (Need a very long stiff, think stick. Probably will still have some bend and there can be a bit of comedy in seeing her try to lick it as it\'92s bobbing around.)\
\
+++\
\
At night, we see the wizard come out of his tree, with help from a creature that he summons (maybe in puppet blacks). Imagine some full leotard of pink or a muscle pattern. \
\
While he\'92s on this \'93break\'94, he puts a photograph of his face into the whole that his face typically occupies. He gives a monologue. Maybe he tells us that he\'92s dreaming and he describes what\'92s happening in his dream, which mostly (but not quite?) lines up with what\'92s happening on stage. Maybe the monologue is his story of having once had artistic ambitions himself. Does he also pray? Does he sing and dance? Does he check his phone? Look at social media?\
\
Maybe the creature puts him in some kind of costume \'97 or at least a blazer, possibly with the left sleeve pinned as if the arm has been amputated. 
\b Consider the fiction of Raymond Roussel.}