{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 middle-wordless-3-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The woman who has been emptying the photo albums has, in the last number of scenes, slowly ascended her tree and now she\'92s disappeared up out of view and for a long time, we just see the photos falling by themselves down onto the forest floor. \
\
(Consider that she might be tearing up copies of the great documents of democracy: the Magna Carta, the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, the Bill of Rights.)\
\
(Some possibilities: These documents are the \'93leaves\'94 of the tree and she climbs out and plucks them off and reads them to herself before tearing them up. How do we know what they are? Either a placard hangs below each one or she herself changes a central placard to indicate which document she\'92s int he process of destroying.)\
\
(Does she eat them or tear them up? If she tears them up, there could be a moment later when one of the girls reveals that she\'92s collected all the pieces and reassembled them into a great book that she\'92s going to find a way to preserve \'97 is there a further twist when we learn that she\'92s re-assembled them incorrectly?)\
\
If the pieces or photos are falling from above, at some point other objects like feathers or actual leaves can start falling as well, mixed in with the other pieces.\
\
(What does it mean for someone to be tearing up the Constitution? In the context oft he play, it\'92s a subplot (because it happens distantly upstage) but as with good subplots, it then impinges in a fundamental way on the main action. And here, there has to be a kind of a-ha feeling. So for example, we\'92ve seen this steady snow of torn pieces for the hole play (and maybe all this is visible, not up in the grid) and when the last piece falls \'97 when all the documents or photo albums have been destroyed \'97 the last lonely piece can fall bathed in light, and it can land with an enormous boom. Or at that moment, some force that has been kept at bay finally arrives \'97 or the windmill falls over or starts spinning very fast, or the drawbridge goes up for the first time, isolating the poor and desperate from the rest of the nation.)\
\
(Or this is where a window opens in the sky and a new character appears, someone discussed but who hadn\'92t yet appeared.)\
\
(Or some kind of red curtain of individual pieces of yarn comes down, each piece of yarn tied to a small bell on the end and this curtain forms a soft wall between the audience and the action.)\
\
Anyway, something impressive and physical happens and to the audience it feels inevitable in retrospect.\
\
And then?\'85\
\
As soon as the a-ha consequence of the last piece of paper or last photo has registered, there should be a sudden change and shift. It should be significant and weighty enough to feel like an act break. And then we can go into a monologue that\'92s relevant to this moment, possibly casting back to a time before this one, when the world seemed in danger and we did come through it. \'93We\'92d come through so many different kinds of crisis that it seemed inevitable that we\'92d make it through this one, too.\'94}