{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 middle-monologue-2-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Eel: \
\
(He\'92s an electrical eel, so when he speaks we can see (in the darkness) patterns of light coming from inside the wash basin and rippling on the ceiling \'97 or on the lower canopy.)\
\
The system was breaking down. In pockets of the canopy, birds were deliberately altering their own nature, less their physical aspects though there was some of that, too. Crows with talon extensions \'97 long, chrome needles, sometimes barbed. Or small trumpets fastened to the branches so that the doves could amplify and distort their otherwise soothing call into a terrifying siren the drove away the snakes \'97 as they\'92d hoped \'97 but also the deer, the possums, the spiders, and even the mushrooms which put out a scent that got the monkeys to evacuate them, each ape carrying great handfuls of the sentient fungus to the edge of the forest next door \'97 though soon enough the doves in that new forest would build the tiny trumpets and the mushrooms would beckon their monkey friends again \'97 and on until the doves, the monkeys, the mushrooms, or the forest at large gave up and died. But I was saying about the physical aspects \'97 the chrome talons on the crows and the dove sirens \'97 those were only a certain kind of change. More concerning was the change in demeanor. The crows didn\'92t simply evolve the talons; they sought them out, engineered them, tuned them. Their 
\b thoughts
\b0  were changing, getting darker, less willing to caw out loud, more inclined to whisper among themselves their Machivellian plans. No less so the doves or the chickadees or the owls. The owls. The owls are a story for another day. .. Of course, I also felt it in myself, a turning inward, a guardedness and suspicion. The fight we picked with the cats.. for what? There was a willingness to toy with destruction. Destruction elsewhere came to feel like a protection against destruction ion near at hand. As if there were only so much destruction to go around and the object of the game was not to be the one holding today\'92s portion when the music stopped. Still, it won\'92t really you. You wanted the ability to fly. You would have been satisfied with a series of clear channels that you could swim along out to open water. You didn\'92t anticipate new feelings exactly if you could get away from all this. More, you imagined the return of feelings that had gone on pause, whether recently or ages ago. Think of the vision you had for an afternoon alone in a river, strong and clear and grown enough to set forth with the supplies you knew you\'92d need, with a sense for how far you\'92d go, when you\'92d turn back, how often you\'92d rest and read. You even hoped for rain so that you could swim upside down and watch the surface pelted and the rippling sky re-rippled with lightning and feel the river itself go cloudy and rise and rush. It might take a day or more to come back upstream afterwards, through the new wet bramble that that washed into the bed and stuck \'97 tree limbs braided, a bicycle, a beach town, beer cans \'97 and you going slowly and frequently doubling back after coming to dead ends. They would think you were dead. They\'92d be slightly right. You\'92d have shed something specific to the world of small things. The nerve that used to fire when your cell phone buzzed or when someone told you his salary stopped firing \'97 for a while. You\'92d see that giving life to something new was going to require a careful killing of the old. Careful, ruthless, and repeated. Somewhere along the way, you\'92d let down your guard, you\'92d stopped killing your own suspicion, your complacency \'97 and it was creeping back.\
\
}