{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 middle-monologue-5-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Woman in the far tree:\
\
(She speaks as she pulls photographs out of old photo albums and drops them down to the forest floor. Maybe she does this through the whole play.)\
\
No one thins very much of old women sitting high up in trees by themselves, or sitting in their wheelchairs or armchairs, suspended from lampposts, swinging lightly in the evening breeze over the highway. If you ever looked, you\'92d see them reading small, hard-cover books by the light of the mercury vapor lamps, ignoring the circling moths, and sometimes closing the books in their laps, keeping the place with a bony finger and looking out in front of them, taken by some thought, some memory whose significance they\'92re considering from a new angle, puzzling over choices that didn\'92t even feel like choices at the time, just gears fitting into other gears. Under these women, the evening traffic shooting west and east, and in the distance another streetlight and under it another wheelchair or armchair like her own, chains creaking, the woman reading or petting a stuffed animal or eating a pigeon raw or counting something on her fingers, with her eyes closed, and beyond her the highway lifting onto pylons and curving away south and then trees, clouds and purple light.\
\
These are the women who, in winter, we set to the side of park paths and give tall breathing tubes like the poles of brushes for cleaning high corners and then drive the snow blowers along the paths and submerge them. Who givers a thought to those red or light blue tubes poking from deep drifts all winter until at last some warm spring day reveals them again and the next day dries their clothes. \
\
I\'92m lucky to be here, to have some shade, and a task, though we all have the same task in a sense: invalidating the past, demonstrating how pointless it is to make more of it than it was at the time, just a tiny floating spec of experience, a short, shallow rut we were dragged along for sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, one hundred years \'97 though you can sometimes wonder what did the dragging. Here we\'92re back to old lady lamppost forty feed above the turnpike taking a memory out of one box and putting it in another, then letting bot boxes fall into the path of a Corolla as it passes a pickup. \
\
It\'92s too much for most of us to go too far down the path of thinking we were never bold except in fear, never loving except in craving something. Well, nothing to fear or crave now, if there ever was at all. \
\
You have to admire the weird, severe intelligence that\'92s somewhere controlling all this. You have to admire its appetite for data, its rigor. I remember how worried some were that it would decide to kill us \'97 or: not decide to kill us so much as neglect to prioritize our continued existence. I always had a hung it could be tuned for fascination. We might not be terribly bright as a species but you wouldn\'92t say we\'92re dull and the less dull the more data, an unremitting blizzard of quirks from all sides. Let us die and the blizzard settles and melts, so someone\'92s idea \'97 they\'92d never say whose \'97 was to make it shape the world to give itself more data for shaping the world. So it runs experiments. Does the experiment yield a chaos of snow? No? Run it again: Hang the elderly in the air, flatten all the truck tires, dip Asia in democracy, put eyebrows on the moon, disable a windmill and play matchmaker. Then drink the language each person speaks, drink their actions and reactions, what they wear, eat, when they sleep and how well, where they look and who looks back. You have to admire it. The world is a mess because of it \'97 more a mess than anyone imagined \'97 but at least it\'92s a mess for a reason.}