{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 middle-wordless-1-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The children from under the stage are picking their way through the forest with their long rake hands, turning over rocks and sticks, looking for something. As they do, the Wizard is banging the bridge up and down to try to annoy or distract them. They ignore the sound. In time, one of them finds something and brings it forward to show the others. It\'92s a small wooden container. One of them unstraps her rake hands, princes the dirty hands in the channel, dries them, and takes the wooden box in her hands. She exits and comes back with a thin, straight pole that she uses to lever the bridge downward despite the efforts of the Wizard to keep it raised. She jams the pole in place, locking the bridge and puts the Woden box on the end of the now-vertical pole. It fits well and they now gather more poles that fit into the box and connect to the trees and ground. They soon have the infrastructure of a hut, either on the bridge itself or one their own bank. They don\'92t drape it with any cloth, though everyone respects its implied entrances and exits, never crossing through the \'93walls\'94. This is a checkpoint now and it\'92s staffed in shifts (if time has to pass). They\'92re waiting to greet (or accost) a traveler from the Wizard side, waiting in a chair with a desk like surface inside the wireframe hut. Once the bridge is down, dark forms mass on the wizard side, wanting to cross. Perhaps they\'92re just figures in puppet blacks. And the staffer keeps them at bay by flicking a lighter or lighting a series of matches. Or shaking something at them that makes a noise. Or having a candle lit, but it almost goes out while the staffer is asleep and the creatures are about to cross, but just then a blob lighted from within finally arrives from the Wizard side. It\'92s emitting puffs of vapor through the seams of her blob skin. The dark figures scatter (or simply part). The person staffing the desk rises and comes toward the blob, not crossing the channel. The blob is struggling. The Wizard is either worried or awe-struck. Something physical happens with his tree \'97 or he emits a long steady tone of welcome, which the blog response to by pausing and blowing out even greater plumes of vapor. Then it carries on across the bridge. The Wizard\'92s long tone goes on. The staffer greets it, then carefully lets the person inside the blob out of the costume. Inside is someone we\'92ve seen before, who went on this mission and has returned. She has a breathing rig that emits the vapor and she\'92s out of the costume and exhausted, almost falling over. The staffer stomps on the forest floor and more children emerge to help the returned emissary. They lead her away, but not before she hands the staffer - or someone else - the specific object that she went to recover. The staffer dissembles the hut and puts the new object into the wooden box. When the drawbridge is unjammed, the Wizard immediately opens it.}