{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title idea (or just concept): Thaw Water. The idea that the channel is there because of glaciers thawing upstream.\
\
Emma: Any luck?\
\
Eel: Yes and no. Now what you were hoping for. He\'92s the son of a diamond and a falcon. T/he good news is he\'92s not aligned with the wizard. The bad news is he\'92s not aligned at all and may not be alienable. Falcons are bribable but they kill their handlers when they have the chance. The influence of the diamond is hard to predict. Diamonds don\'92t behave. They get others to act on their desires.\
\
Emma: Desires like mine, you mean. Do you think that\'92s a real feeling or am I reacting to something in his diamond parentage?\
\
Eel: I don\'92t think there\'92s a difference We are all what we came from.\
\
Emma: That\'92s clearly not true.\
\
Eel: You\'92re right.\
\
Emma: Is he in danger?\
\
Eel: He\'92s not in any danger he doesn\'92t already know about.\
\
Emma: What will they do if they catch him?\
\
Eel: It depends on who does the catching. If the trees catch him, they\'92ll stretch him out slowly underground until he comes apart. Could take a while \'97 several months. Then again, trees aren\'92t good at catching things besides fungal blights and lightning strikes. If the air catches him, it\'92ll try to make him a servant. The air needs humans it can talk to and plan with, people who won\'92t resent taking orders from a packet of the atmosphere. If the cats catch him,\'85 well, no use talking about what house cats do to human men. \
\
Emma: Do you think he\'92ll be back?\
\
Eel: He says he will. He wants to take the wizard up by his roots and throw him in the channel.\
\
Emma: That doesn\'92t sound easy \'97 or wise.\
\
Eel: Not wise? Do you think the wizard should go on deciding who can come and go?\
\
Emma: The wizard doesn\'92t decide. He works for the air and the air will think of something else if he can\'92t use the wizard as his agent \'97 probably something worse. Maybe I\'92m wrong to think so, I\'92ve never talked to the air. I can\'92t guess at how it thinks or what it wants. Did you say you talked to him? Not the air, the man? What should I call him? The man shape? It\'92s strange \'97 isn\'92t it? \'97 that a diamond and falcon would make something that looks like a white man.\
\
Eel: Not strange. They wanted it to have opportunities. Yes, we spoke. And to your next question, of course he remembers you and hopes to see you when he comes to kill the wizard.\
\
Emma: Maybe I could go to him. Of course, we\'92d have to all go \'97 all the girls, and there\'92s 24 of us now. Not sure how we\'92d get across the channel. And we\'92d need food and tampons and a change of headbands. How many days do you think it would take?\
\
Eel: I bet you could do it in ten. You\'92ll be the only pure humans, though, and something over there would want to make you into pets.}