{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh2140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Emma:\
\
I\'92ve been around enough to know what I want in a partner - and also around long enough to be reasonable about it. You grow up slowly in relationships, at least I did. The lessons were hard to learn because they were obscured by so many different personalities, clashes of ego \'97 mine and theirs \'97 and routines of thinking and speaking that built into patterns and assumptions. So I wanted a way to the conversation about the dynamic alive. I wanted a person who could see that the little tendencies were arbitrary and you could acknowledge and adjust them. You could change which side of the bed was whose. You could change who drove when you went somewhere. You could pause in the middle of a disagreement and see \'97 both of you see \'97 that you were caught in a net of language that, a script written by forces of past action and assumptions. I was sure that was possible, and I imagined the little exhilaration that might attend to one of those pauses, the moment where you and the other person say to yourselves and each other, \'93Hang on a minute. Could this go another way?\'94 In practice, when there finally was someone to practice with, it was exhilarating, a moment of release \'97 but also disorienting. Those things you just let go of were shackles yes, but they were moorings, too. A step away from an old way of being isn\'92t so clearly a step toward a new way. You grope or you go listless. The work of going against oneself, against the familiar signage, against the color-coding on the inside of the nerve lines, against the ring of the things you\'92ve said before when you were asked this thing or accused or addled in just this way. That glittering pause. The sound of high light bells far off. And then. And then. You have to take some action that\'92s too easily the wrong one. You have a drink or a cigarette or talk too much about the strangeness of liking and not liking \'97 but you do it in terms so general that they mean nothing. Like this. Like what I\'92m doing now. \'85 All right, so you anchor it. You think: Let me try not to put this off. This thing I want, the writer or speaker or active mind that I want to live as. I can\'92t postpone it now. I can\'92t hope tomorrow\'92s attention will be braver than today\'92s. I\'92ll be as tired in body and mind and my human hopes will be as bruised and tangled next time as they are now. The topic is the action you take when freedom lights upon you. What it should be and what it is. What it is, often, is an energized selfishness, a sense of one\'92s own power, even in a small realm, a particle of defiance. As Churchill says: In defeat, defiance. Yes, in defeat, but nothing so clear is here now in this forest. I eat smoothies made of white beans, soy milk, and jarred peaches. Where do I get such things? Why do I mix them together in the little breakable blender? How can it taste so good? What do I learn when I drink it on one side of the channel \'97 the side without opportunities? Should I think the whole time that I can\'92t really afford the white beans, soy milk, and jarred peaches? I should be spending this on my ok cupid profile, which is going to expire \'97 and without which, grim as it is, I won\'92t meet the person I should be sharing smoothies with. Or I could go on alone. It\'92s not that I\'92ve forgotten how to do that or that I\'92m picturing a bleak future. \
\
But let\'92s get back to the thing I shouldn\'92t postpone because I feel like I\'92m still postponing it. Maybe you can try to imagine what it would look or feel like, even if you can\'92t create it completely now. I think it would feel like a description of an object \'97 a real object \'97 or an encounter. \
\
Or consider this, from Derek Walcott:\
\
The day, with all its pain ahead, is yours.\
The ceaseless creasing of the morning sea,\
The fluttering gamboge cedar leaves allegro,\
The rods of the yawning branches trolling the breeze,\
The rusted meadows, the wind-whitened grass,\
The coos of the stone-colored ground doves on the road,\
The echo of benediction on a house \'97 \
Its rooms of pain, its verandah of remorse\
When joy lanced through its open-hearted doors\
Like a hummingbird out to the garden and the pool\
In which the sky has fallen. These are all yours,\
And pain has made them brighter as absence does\
After a death, as the light heals the grass.\
\
Also nice \'97 or maybe vital or maybe clarifying \'97  to be reminded of how strange and wobbly life is sometimes, always on the edge of going off the rails, but then so often swerving back into safety.}