{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 there is no greater punishment, even for a mildly intelligent person, than to be forced to think hard about things that don't matter.\
\
Jill: There\'92s a great tendency in early drafts to propel the story forward by anger and resentment. Or by injustice or by gross misunderstanding. It makes sense. In early drafts, when you have no clarity about the characters, you attempt to embody them with emotions any person in the world would feel in similar circumstances. They become relatable and uninteresting. Interesting characters are those that make interesting choices in interesting circumstances. So the refining process, draft to draft, should be to first make the circumstances and options more interesting over time, and then to give the character a choice that feels real, difficult, and has consequences. \
\
For this monologue, let\'92s invent something like that.\
\
Let\'92s say it\'92s me, Jill. Jill has a choice to make and she\'92s the wizard\'92s sister, dead under his tree. What makes the dynamics most interesting? She\'92s older and knows best. Maybe there\'92s some small secret that she knows. Let\'92s say that she loves but doesn\'92t respect her brother. Doesn\'92t respect him in some particular way: For example, he\'92s careless.\
\
J: My brother\'92s secret is that he\'92s careless, but careless in a particular way. He concentrates so mu h on what he\'92s doing that he forgets some important detail. Some day he\'92s forget the one detail that matters. And something will bend until it breaks. He\'92ll kill something he loves. \
\
I guess I should say that he\'92ll do so again. He did kill me and to this day he doesn\'92t know it. Doesn\'92t know how, and certainly doesn\'92t know why. I wish it were an accident. It was, but it wasn\'92t one of those where a hammer feel or a stove got left on. No, I died by suicide, as so many angry people do. But it was what got me angry that mattered. It was having one person to talk to and him with no ability to be clear, to be frank, to be ready with words. I suffered long silences as he would to organize his thinking. My mind was too fast, too fast for myself, too. Too ripe. Too ready. And the anger \'97 I didn\'92t even know it was anger \'97 pressure building there by puffs of that dead stale air like half-hearted press-downs on a bike pump and that same powdery rubber smell emitted here into this tiny coffin space, pressurizing it, clogging the air. Wait, so was I dead already when I felt so mad? Was I \'85}