{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Wizard:\
It\'92s worth knowing that I wasn\'92t always here in this forest doing what I\'92m doing now. I had a youth. I had relationships. I worked on artistic projects. I did drugs with my friends outside. When I got here, the channel was here already and they were just finishing the bridge. I was in the area after a long meditation retreat. I was feeling filled up and emptied out, and was ready for something new. Philip Larkin, the English poet, worked full-time as a librarian in a small town for X years, came home every evening, ate, did the washing up, wrote for two hours, and then drank alcohol alone or with friends until it was time for bed. By all accounts, he was a good librarian and under his leadership the Hull Library was able to expand its collection, update the facilities, and add staff. It would be hard to argue that I\'92ve done as much for the channel crossing. I\'92ve been reliable. I\'92ve done some writing in the evenings, mostly small pieces of a whole that\'92s been hard to define. I have a hunch that over time, the parts will converge and the shape will reveal itself. That does happen sometimes. I could certainly work harder on it, edge it along, but in the end, these things happen in their own time. The only risk is that you\'92ll lose the thread, forget what you were doing, what you meant to convey, forget the mood you hoped to set or even forget what it was that prompted you to venture out in the first place. I\'92ve been here for thirty years, not such a long time, but time enough to make enemies and then to slowly turn those enemies into friends \'97 or at least to turn them back toward indifference. We are getting older, after all, and I find that I look for chances to revert to indifference. \'93Revert\'94 isn\'92t quite right. Grab or seize might be better. I grab at any opportunity to be indifferent, to unwind some opinion or other that I might have had \'97 toward a person, a situation, a picture of the future \'97 and put instead a blank \'97 a blank like an orange traffic cone that conveys a very mild warning. The warning is: \'93Don\'92t waste more of your life trying to have a point of view on this.\'94 I do miss doing drugs. I would do drugs again. The channel is filling up with eels. That hasn\'92t happened before. I bet I\'92ve seen ten eels in 30 years and now they\'92re filling up the channel. It would be one thing if they were on the move, going upstream or downstream by some biological design, but they\'92re not. They\'92re congregating (hard to tell from where) and hanging out as if they\'92re waiting for a concert to start, as if they\'92re waiting for a signal from the head eel. At which point, what? Don\'92t get me wrong: I\'92m pro-eel. Actually, that\'92s not quite true. I\'92m not pro or con eel. Eels are in the orange cone category. Having an opinion is like swallowing a tapeworm on purpose. It\'92s in there and you feed it and it wears you out. I don\'92t get enough exercise. I do a little cardio in the morning and I stretch but it\'92s not enough and I feel weaker over time. More tired. Probably more set in my ways, less brave, less ready, less afraid than I should be, more relaxed.}