{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 middle-dialogue-5-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A: I never heard the end of the story about your brother who became French.\
\
B: Oh, right. How far did I get? Ok, right. I was saying it started with cultural references that no one understood and they would turn out to be musicians or politicians or actors in France or sometimes a band or a movie from Quebec or Senegal, someplace they spoke French. He didn\'92t even know how he knew this information; it was just there in his mind. That winter, we noticed he tied his scarf differently and liked cello music and I remember we were going to Mexico for a big family trip and my dad kept all our passports in one place in a firebox and he got them out to get ready for the trip and Steve\'92s was French, an official French passport with picture of Steve but it said his name was Etienne. When my parents showed it to him, he was just as perplexed as we were and started to say something about it, but it came out in fluent French. Perfect, impatient, humorless, ungrateful, and precise. In the passport, it said he\'92d been to Vietnam and Australia and he said in French that he remembered the trips. It all came in a rush. He had been born in a town outside Nice to a schoolteacher and a bureaucrat, and he called them on the phone then and there. The next day, my parents put him on a plane and we never saw him again, never heard from him. It happened so fast.\
\
A: That explains a lot.\
\
B: You mean about how I am?\
\
A: Not everything but it\'92s a big, traumatic, sudden thing. That stuff shapes you. It\'92s not a bad thing. \
\
B: How do you think it\'92s shaped me?\
\
A: I think you find it hard to relax, especially in situations that feel unusual. I think you think a situation that feels unusual is just a prelude to some kind of loss.\
\
(No answer. B is taking this in.)\
\
A: What was your brother like, before he was French?\
\
B: He was lovely. We were twins and he was always the quiet one, shy, really sensitive. He cried all the time. As soon as something was complicated or confusing, he cried. Not like he lost it. He would care on with whatever it was \'97 but he\'92d just be crying, just feeling everything on the surface. I think he thought he was disappointing everyone, including himself. \
\
A: How old was he?\
\
B: When he became French? Eleven.\
\
A: Such an interesting age. Boys especially are between worlds at that age, almost more than at adolescence. \
\
B: When I started dating, I really fell for sensitive crybaby boys. Thankfully, by the time I thought that was possibly kind of fucked up I was old enough to know I shouldn\'92t beat myself up about it. It was good mostly anyway. Some of them really had no upside, but most of them for really good to me and saw me. I met a lot of them on trains, weirdly. Maybe all of them. It\'92s easier to talk to people on trains and not parties or internet dates. Trains and coffins relax me.}