{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 middle-dialogue-2-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (After a pause.)\
\
Jill: What are you thinking of?\
\
Wizard: Git hub.\
\
Jill: Yes. All right.\
\
Wizard: But before that, I was thinking that George Saunders has a beautiful trick. He leads with the thing that is. set about each character, and then smudges it, but only a little. It makes you wonder what it might be like to have more stories \'97 even a branch of literature \'97 built deliberately on that model.\
\
Jill: Which model again?\
\
Wizard: The model that what you see first and deepest about a character is the best they have to offer: their vulnerability, their affectionate, nostalgia, their love of aphorisms, their worry and their awareness that they should worry less, their willingness to see reason, their faith in the future.\
\
Jill: Chekov, too. Also maybe Wes Anderson.\
\
Wizard: True.\
\
Jill: Would you call that humanist? \
\
Wizard: I don\'92t know what people mean y that word.\
\
Jill: I\'92ll look it up. OK. (Reading but not actually saying aloud, just murmuring) Hum-hum-hum\'85hum-hum-hum\'85hum. Hmmm. Not helpful. Hold on (reads a bit more) No. Not helpful.\
\
Wizard: I\'92m more thinking of the particular thing of creating a character you like and who you like because they have something good that they do or want, and then you make them weird and broken and put them in a jar with other good and weird and broken people and shake it until a story comes out.\
\
Jill: And you\'92re saying you have to shake the jar longer if you make the characters good instead of bad?\
\
Wizard: I hadn\'92t gotten that far, but possibly. This conversation, for example. It needs some struggle. We can still be good, weird, and broken but\'85\
\
Jill: What were you thinking about git hub?\
\
Wizard: Not much. A little about whether it\'92s easy or hard. I think it\'92s easy.\
\
Jill: Let\'92s say in the first half of the story I learned that you were a hero from some admirable cause. Right. Let\'92s say you take in and hide political dissidents.\
\
Wizard: I do this now or I used to?\
\
Jill: Right right. You used to.\
\
Wizard: Now, I\'92m retired maybe or I\'92m in hiding myself. Maybe I\'92m hiding out as this tree. And then some kind of fudge. Am I arrogant or depressed or..\
\
Jill: Depressed a little. You don\'92t feel seen by others for who you are. You worked so people could have freedom of speech and you wish they took advantage of it but you think you should try not to be so cranky, so you go in too many directions with your feelings and the expressions on your face \'97 cranky, conciliatory, eager, bored \'97 so nobody knows what to make of you. \
\
Wizard: How much does that bother me?\
\
Jill: (Up to you.) How much would it?\
\
Wizard: I\'92d love to think it wouldn\'92t. Maybe it wouldn\'92t. Do I have any friends? Old friends, who understand.\
\
Jill: No. Well, maybe. What if you have a sister who\'92s dead but you can still talk to her somehow.\
\
Wizard: How? In person?\
\
Jill: Maybe. I don\'92t know. Doesn\'92t matter. Somehow you can and \'97\
\
Wizard: So next question. Do I just complain to the sister?\
\
Jill: Absolutely not. No. You think out loud. You quote the dissidents that you protected. \'93Doctor King used to say: If we build places for all in the economy of our money, people will fill those places from the economy of their self-respect.\'94\
\
Wizard: So this is the aphorism mentioner, maybe. What\'92s best about him or her is he or she is trying to make sense of the world, especially with how people behave?\
\
Jill: Does it get annoying?\
\
Wizard: For sure and then the needle swings at some point and it\'92s heart-breaking, say if the aphorisms contradict each other. \
}