{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 middle-wordless-5-v01\
\
What does the middle do? It complicates things while also narrowing the options. The characters have to be seen to make braver and riskier choices as the middle goes on. In a very physical world, where things (and people) are resources, then you narrow options by removing something or reducing its ability to act as a resource. Or you add something that impedes the resources available. \
\
Last night, I had the thought: We all hope to occupy some particular space in the minds of our friends but often we occupy some other space \'97 a smaller space or a space lit in a way that would surprise us. The longer the friendship, the less we can do to change that. Those are the dynamics of life \'97 and good reason to make new friendships as you go.\
\
The middle is an invention of the beginning just as the beginning is an invention of some time unseen. We should see, in this play, the characters trying hard to be their smartest selves in the face of grace challenges.\
\
The middle is where the windmill should start to work again, maybe by attaching old fashioned electric fans to the tip of each bad and turning them on. Nice idea, but you\'92ll have to have some interesting specialized equipment at the center that a can spin and still maintain electrical contact. \
\
Maybe he plugs this whole thing into the electric eels somehow. What are the implications here? We\'92re drawing on nature to create power to move a windmill that isn\'92t moving because\'85 why? \'97 In this case, is the problem simply that there\'92s no wind?\
\
Nice idea that they would send a repairman to fix a windmill that\'92s not working because there\'92s no wind. Maybe it is also charred in some way so that it seems to make sense that he would need to fix it \'97 and perhaps he does and it still doesn\'92t \'93work\'94. The wizard complains\'85\
\
W: You\'92re leaving? But it\'92s not turning.\
\
WR: Well, there\'92s no wind at the moment.\
\
W: There\'92s never any wind.\
\
WR: Never?\
\
W: Not for a long time. That\'92s why we called you. \
\
WR: I thought you called because it was burned.\
\
W: We burned it in frustration when it wouldn\'92t turn.\
\
WR: I can\'92t fix the wind.\
\
W: Have you tried?\
\
WR sits down and thinks and thinks, possibly for a whole scene or several \'97 then leaves, saying to the wizard, \'93I have an idea.\'94\
\
Big question: What does the windmill 
\b do
\b0  when it starts spinning? Something important needs to change.\
}