{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To of the leaf girls, Eliza and Sibyl.\
\
Eliza is lying on top of the beaver dam, stretched out on her back, which is arched along the arch of the structure, arms extended over her head. Sibyle is inside the dam and can hear her friend as if there\'92s no separation.\
\
Eliza: This used to hurt my back.\
 Book about a metaphor \
Sibyl: Just your back?\
\
Eliza: it used to especially hurt my back. Now it doesn\'92t hurt at all. It should. There are still sharp sticks going right into my back, legs, arms, neck. I don\'92t think I\'92m bored. I\'92m still engaged with the world. I still want Emma to find love and free us from the underground and in the meantime, I listen to podcasts; I read the New Yorker, not all of it, but some of it; and I\'92m looking for a rowing machine on craigslist. \
\
Sibyl: I\'92m not sure we have room for a rowing machine. \
\
(We should see the rowing machine later, upstage and Eliza rowing on it. We should hear its strange sound in the darkness before the lights come up on it.)\
\
Eliza: The point is that I\'92m putting out feelers, looking for inspiration, watching the culture. I\'92m coming up with metaphors for the culture like: trash compactor or spin the bottle or ash cloud. I\'92m worried about starting to interview people. This trend of people interviewing other people is starting to roll over on itself and I don\'92t want to be on the underside of the whale when it finally beaches itself. That said, I think I could stand to test out the metaphors. You don\'92t want to spend two years of your life writing a book to explain the metaphor and everybody thinks it\'92s obvious or irrelevant. \
\
Sibyl: I didn\'92t know you were thinking of writing a boo. Books are hard. They\'92re really hard, apparently. \
\
Eliza: I think if you\'92re writing about a metaphor, it\'92s easier. You just make beautiful but surprising comparisons and end with an uplift where some silver lining aspect of the metaphor turns out to be a great option for humankind.\
\
Sibyl: I feel like I need an example. \
\
Eliza: So let\'92s say\'85 So let\'92s say.. that the metaphor is evolution. The culture is evolving and the base mechanism is the same as natural selection. So survival means some opportunity to do something and death means losing that opportunity. With natural selection, it\'92s the opportunity to procreate, but maybe with the culture, it\'92s something else, the opportunity to be liked or the opportunity to make money or the opportunity to be immune to the culture itself. Let\'92s look at that one. Let\'92s look at the idea that there are apex predators in the culture. They feed off the culture but the culture doesn\'92t feed off them. They get to think about something else. Sharks don\'92t think about how to survive an attack from tuna. They think about killing and eating tuna, yes, but also just have time to think about whatever they want. So an apex predator in the culture would be \'97 I don\'92t know \'97 maybe a publisher or the guy who runs a movie studio from behind the scenes or also just any white guy with enough money to stay off social media, play nice, and put in an alarm system and a high fence around a house on high ground in a place that can tolerate climate through, say, 2040. The culture might eat him eventually, but probably not before it eats itself, especially if he doesn\'92t give it a reason to notice him. \
\
Sibyl: Sounds like you don\'92t know whether to be annoyed or jealous. \
\
Eliza: Then I\'92m not doing a good job explaining it. I\'92m purely jealous. If I could do it, I would. The more I can do it, I will. The more the world does it, the better off the world will be. It\'92s not rational to live in this culture if you can help it. It\'92s a tunnel of knives going straight down.\
\
Sibyl: A funnel of knives, then.}