{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 middle-wordless-2-v01\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (What happens in the middle of a thing? Cleaning up and focusing efforts. Seeing themes emerge. Choices of priorities.)\
\
The leaf children kneel at the channel and pull out eels one by one. The eels are inert, maybe just pointed rope. They tag each one with a red rubber band that they write a number on and record the number in a book.\
\
(How have they stunned them like this for gagging? Maybe a strobe light or maybe a single drop of something from an eye dropper or a shot of whiskey poured into the water or one of them reads a boring passage from Moby Dick or Anna Karenina or someone swings a pocket watch on a chain to hypnotize them.)\
\
Emma arrives and silently inspects their work. The eels have been put in to a basin and Emma pulls them out one by one, places its head to her own forehead and makes a sound \'97 chirping or chomping or buzzing \'97 which creates a bond between her and each eel. (Later, she can make this same sound to call them to her aid.)\
\
If the eel we\'92ve known is in a separate basin, she doesn\'92t do this to him. Perhaps he\'92s been talking this whole time as the leaf children work, wondering what the children are doing, since he can\'92t see out of the basin. (After this, Emma can create \'97 or try to create \'97 a special bond with him.)\
\
Eel:\
I can feel them moving around but I can\'92t see them. This is pretty typical. And if I try to ask what\'92s going on and they ignore me, I assume it\'92s something to do with the other eels but what can I do? I can hope it\'92s something positive \'97 Emma and the girls been well \'97 but there\'92s no reason to assume that the good things they want for the eels line up with the good things that we want for ourselves. And if they do want good things, why not just answer when I ask what they\'92r sup to? That feels suspicious. What don\'92t they want me to understand?\
\
F they are good-hearted \'97 I think they are \'97 then I guess that this is some kind of preparation to surprise me, delight me by a demonstration of their affection or gratitude.\
\
The last time someone surprised me what the first time I hurt my back. I was in the Amazon and some jackass put me in a bucket with a little monkey. They wanted us to fight. I was so startled that I twisted into a tight ball and it messed with vertebrae 18 and 25. Later the monkey and I were friends but the damage was done.}