{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Eel and Wizard:\
\
E: Emma doesn\'92t know you can hear me from across the channel.\
\
W: She\'92d know if you told her.\
\
E: It\'92s easier for her if she assumes you and I are enemies.\
\
W: You do know that people don\'92t really have enemies in the modern world. Maybe politicians and mob bosses, but regular people \'97 bakers, social media interns \'97 not really have enemies.\
\
E: Those are the regular people you can think of? Bakers and social media interns?\
\
W: Mail carriers, dishwashers, bus drivers, plumbers (this list should include some really wacky jobs from this world). Does it matter? Do plumbers have enemies?\
\
E: She doesn\'92t think we\'92re plumbers. And we\'92re not.\
\
W: what are we then? Because you\'92r right that we\'92re not enemies.\
\
E: Emma told me that as a child, she went to the grocery store with her monad one day all the food came off the shelves and stuck to people. Box of crackers stuck to somebody\'92s ankle. Can of beans stuck to his face, and each person except her just turned into a kind of super magnet for all this food until it was all off the shelves and stuck to the people. And by the end, each person was just a big mound in the aisle of the aisles of the store. And then it was super still in the store while all the people suffocated, except the soft music was still playing Steve Winwood\'92s Higher Love.\
\
(We hear it for a moment. Or maybe we hear the whole song.)	\
\
E: That\'92s the one. Anyway, I\'92d say our relationship \'97 yours and mine \'97 is like the relationship between groceries and Emma. You\'92re the mysterious force delivering some hard truth as a violent allegory. I\'92m the one you keep alive in order to warn the others. \
\
W: I see. So you think I\'92m going to enact some great murderous action, but I\'92ll let you live.\
\
E: I don\'92t think it will be great or murderous or even your choice, but I think it will somehow be my job to know about it and remember it.\
\
W: And why can\'92t Emma know that?\
\
E: She could but she might think I was trying to spare myself \'97 or get you to spare me \'97 and that maybe I\'92d sell her out. \
\
W: There\'92s not guarantee you\'92ll be spared, whatever the Intelligence has in mind, which by the way I know nothing about yet. All I know is that it has its eyes on us already. It thinks it can learn something.\
\
E: I have a guess about what.\
\
W: Now you\'92re smarter than the Intelligence?\
\
E: The world is a big place. If it\'92s curious about our corner of it, then why? What\'92s unusual about us? \
\
W: You\'92re going to make me guess? \
\
E: Emma. How she lives. Where her mind goes. She doesn\'92t remove herself from any line of fire. She\'92s porous, adaptive, and still distinct. The Intelligence isn\'92t the only one with something to learn from her. \
\
W: But it\'92s the only one capable of learning it.\
\
E: Yes.\
\
W: What about your grocery store allegory? You think it\'92s going to ask me to wreck something?\
\
E: How else does it ever learn?}