{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Notes for today.\
\
I\'92m getting bogged down somewhat here with the writing. I feel a need to have some direction, but perhaps it really is too early for that. I think I should just follow my plan to keep writing every day \'97 and try harder to write for the full hour in a wakeful state. \
\
What exactly is the issue? I feel like I\'92m spinning my wheels creating spectacle when I really want to be understanding story \'97 but the problem is that story takes time to emerge and it\'92s ok to create a lot of possibilities. You\'92ve actually created quite a lot of interesting content and characters already \'97 the wizard and his dead sister who is still alive, and Emma and the creatures who come across the bridge, the rope cutter, the programmer, the small tree man delivering the body, the eel. \
\
Trust the process you\'92ve created. Hang in there. Complete it and see what you get after these 45 days. Enjoy the freedom and cut loose. No need for story yet. It will come. It always does eventually. The real blind alley you go down is trying to polish things too soon. Stay easy and get a pile of content to play with. It won\'92t all be good or interesting. That\'92s completely fine.}